starwars	Gorneesh 's tribe was later enslaved by the Galactic Empire , with their village destroyed .
starwars	The Holocron resembled the Temple of the Ancients , an ancient Rakatan structure on the planet Rakata Prime .
starwars	Her diamond-shaped tattoos ran across her cheeks , the bridge of her nose , and the backs of her hands .
muppet	Hi , Fred ! This was an old discussion long before you joined , but you really dont need to link the words `` Muppets/Muppet . '' It looks excessive
starwars	Realizing that he made a mistake of serving the Empire , he was later turned back to the Republic side by Havoc Squad 's new commander .
poke	Milotic uses Safeguard , dazzling everyone with its beauty , as it wags its tail .
starwars	The jamming device was only effective on subspace transceivers and had no effect on radio transmissions .
starwars	on September 1 , 2014 .
starwars	Since their technology depended on extracting the life energies of other beings via an agonizing process known as Entechment , most of the surviving Colonists were enteched .
starwars	The simulation was monitored by Captain Phasma and General Hux .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 0318 , March 16 , 2010
muppet	When the war is over , Indiana plans on cooking his girl and marrying his steak . When asked if he ever went to see a psychiatrist , he remarks `` He was delicious ! '' Indiana ends up split in two by a grenade .
starwars	Gallia was injured in the ensuing commotion but Hett was able to protect Tikkes from Sing and defeated her .
starwars	In retribution , Organa contacted the ruling members of the Elder Houses , who upon learning of Sindian 's infringement passed a resolution forever stripping Carise of all her titles and the supreme governorship of Birren .
poke	Archie is also disgusted Maxie wanted to sabotage the meeting , but Maxie knows well Groudon is of no use to Team Aqua .
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile , but Treecko evades the attack and uses Pound , but Cacnea evades as well .
starwars	Lanesord was a female Human who served as a supply officer in the Imperial Army of the Sith Empire .
muppet	It seems like this movie has been in developement forever . Just days after test footage was leaked , http//www.defamer.com.au/2008/02/is_the_wild_rumpus_over_before_it_even_began-2.html there are reports of problems with the film . Just parking this link here given the tumultuous production this films had and our inevitable back-tracking that will occur in months to come . Scott
muppet	Also , while its okay to include videos that demonstrate what a product can do , please refrain from adding videos featuring commentary . This falls under ones personal Point of View and violates our NPOV policy .
poke	Ash and Pikachu practice more , with Taillow hitting the tree so that apples drop for Pikachu to deflect with his tail .
poke	Suddenly , Meowth almost falls from the cliff , but Pikachu grabs him on his tail and pulls him back .
muppet	During the first season , `` At the Dance '' would , with few exceptions , feature the same couples every week
starwars	They were hardy and well-suited for long-distance travel .
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Andrew , Aleal 2329 , 6 February 2006
poke	Ash starts going to the other side with Pikachu and while Meowth is impressed by his courage , Jessie is angry her enemy would leave them alone .
poke	Sara reminds Hansen Misty and her friends have shown some kindness to Togepi and Togetic , something Hansen could not understand .
poke	However , Meowth switches the direction to backwards , so Venusaur is knocked out .
starwars	Back on Kordoku , Luke Skywalker asks where they are and who Rey is .
muppet	Should a puppet that have been reused in a background role be tagged as a character from The Ghost of Faffner Hall , for instance Baby Tree Creature . Or should they play a vital role before they should be tagged ? User Henrik 1641 , 21 March 2007
muppet	Other television credits include `` Dog City , '' the first 26 episodes of `` Dinosaurs , '' `` The Muppets at Walt Disney World , '' `` A Muppet Family Christmas '' and `` Miss Piggys Hollywood . ''
muppet	In 2011 at Talk musicians , the concern that many of the items listed on Muppet musicians didnt have a source was raised . I just added cite tags to everything that needs one . It looks ridiculous to the point where we probably ought to throw it back to the Sandbox namespace , but I thought Id bring it up here in case anyone wants to work on it .
poke	Mr. Briney tries to take his Peeko back , but is held by Crawdaunt , who uses Bubble Beam , blasting Team Rocket away .
poke	Max is envious , since he also wants a Pokémon to travel with , like Treecko , which upsets Torchic even more .
starwars	After that , Tano discovered a key card outside her cell .
muppet	Ok , I took the number off the one Golden cassette we can see , and plugged it into worldcat per instructions . And out popped the cassette listing . So then I tried some nearby numbers . I noticed that for a few this is part of the ISBN but most dont have ISBNs at all . Anyhow , I came up with this list , all copyright 1987
muppet	The description for this episode mentions Big Birds mommy -- someone who , as far as I know , weve never heard of before . Obviously , a page is in order , as well as additions to various other relatives pages . Anybody feel like taking a whack at it ? --
poke	Max notices the salesman 's gone , but the heroes are glad Spoink is at least better now .
poke	Roxanne admits Nosepass knows that move , since she learned to have a surprise attack close by .
muppet	Gonzo fans would also recognise this quote `` I shall now eat a rubber tire to the music of The Flight of the Bumblebee ... music , maestro ! '' Another famous performance is best summed up by his quote , `` I shall now defuse this highly explosive bomb while simultaneously , and at the same time , reciting from the works of Percy Bysshe Shelley . '' Other acts include dancing `` Top Hat '' in a vat of oatmeal , hypnotizing chickens and being hammered feet first into a railway tie by two American Gladiators .
starwars	She then began attacking him , throwing him with the Force and eventually lifting him up by his throat .
poke	She encounters a scary Pokémon , throwing her off balance and causing her to crash into a tree .
muppet	At the The Muppets press conference London press conference for The Muppets , at the May Fair Hotel , Kermit commented `` I am going to be presenting but not the way you think . I will be at the coat check , presenting people with their coats . Its a whole different job . So yes , I think Billy Crystal is taking all the glory . But you know , Billys a good friend and well wait and see how that works out . Hear that , Billy ? Id love to work with you ! ''
starwars	Artuo Pratuhr was a Human male patron of the Outlander Club on Coruscant , and an archaeologist working for Galactic Museum and the mentor of Zey Nep .
starwars	Old Town Factoryville was a heavily industrialized , urban area on the planet Eriadu .
poke	The heroes arrive to the Granite Cave where they are supposed to meet Steven Stone , who is studying the rare stones .
poke	With the watermelons secure , Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , blasting Team Rocket off .
poke	He also admits he wanted to find it along with Elisa , making both of them blush .
starwars	When he encountered Fett on Coruscant he attempted to flee from the bounty hunter instead of fighting him , but was unsuccessful .
muppet	The only one I would let slide is `` The Babies '' as it deals with a specific group and type of Babies rather than just all babies
poke	Skitty tries once more to juggle the balls , succeeding in juggling five balls .
muppet	The only difference between the season 1 and 2 closings is that the shot of Floyd Pepper was replaced with a new shot of Floyd . Whereas in the first closing he wasnt wearing his hat , in this shot he wears his hat and blinks his eyes . In Episode 201 Don episode 201 , a different shot of the same scene is shown during the beginning of the closing , as opposed to Animals shot . On episodes Episode 205 Judy 205 , Episode 217 Julie 217 , and Episode 222 Teresa 222 , the camera stays on the curtain call longer than usual before cutting back to the closing sequence . Starting this season , the final orchestra shots during the original broadcasts would not superimpose the ATV logo , instead with a new ITC logo with `` An ATV Company '' beside the logo .
starwars	Gallo took his forces and , along with bongo submarines acquired from the Gungan manufacturer Bongomeken Collective , attacked Rogoe 's city of Spearhead .
poke	Jessie reminds them that they are Team Rocket and they need to steal it , ordering James and Meowth to make a plan .
poke	Regardless , Jessie refuses their plan , since she plans on giving the berries to Dustox .
poke	Ash then commands Pikachu to fire a Thunderbolt to blast Team Rocket off , foil the boss fantasy and destroy the robot .
muppet	Cover `` The Cosby Kids A Holiday Tale ! ''
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1247 , 14 February 2006
poke	Milotic Recovers again , but Max and Brock remind May Milotic does not recover completely , as Ash has a chance at defeating it .
poke	The woman goes onto the wheel , introducing herself as Calista , but from the future .
muppet	Another version of the opening seen by the fifth season involves a large toy train which the Babies ride , and the Babies building their Muppet Babies logo out of cardboard boxes . It uses clips from season 1 and 2 episodes . Its unclear if there was a longer version of this intro .
poke	Max asks how did Nurse Joy know his name , though Nurse Joy points out the child 's name is also Max .
poke	Suddenly , Numel wakes up and spouts out heat , then goes to eat berries and is joined by a Numel .
muppet	Danny set up
muppet	Suit performer Rick Lyon explained the concept behind the character and the reasons the character was dropped so quickly
starwars	However , though Bane had successfully executed his plan , he still needed an apprentice .
muppet	`` We Love Cartoons '' is featured in the second season Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 210 The Great Muppet Cartoon The Great Muppet Cartoon Show . '' The babies sing about how much they enjoy animated cartoons , interspersed with black and white public domain clips . They also sing about the animation process .
poke	May wants to shop first , but Brock points her to a small shop of jewelry , with the men advertising in Pokémon costumes being Team Rocket .
muppet	TV Guide We are chatting with Kermit the Frog about his new film , Muppets from Space , life with Miss Piggy and everything in between . Perhaps the most well known of all the Muppets cast in the latest Muppet feature film . Welcome .
poke	Brock attempts to flirt , but the Numel close by spouts out heat , burning Brock .
starwars	ZA-99 Mines appear in `` '' during the final boss fight of the `` Trial and Error '' Uprising .
starwars	When Jassa was unexpectedly called away for an uncertain period of time , Kark traveled to the library world of Ossus to complete his training in the ways of the Force , and was eventually promoted to the rank of Jedi Knight .
poke	Suddenly , Mr. Moore appears yet again in disguise as a judge , offering to help fix the field and judge the battle , saying he came by Mr. Moore 's directions .
starwars	Python ( corvette group )
starwars	Fish sticks were one type of Liann food with lill as one of its ingredients .
starwars	Reluctantly , Xiono obliged .
starwars	The WLZ-101 Groundcoach was an armored groundcoach speeder manufactured by SoroSuub Corporation .
muppet	`` Any Old Iron '' was the UK Spots ( The Muppet UK Spot for Episode 214 Elton episode 214 of The Muppet Show . It is sung by Kermit the Frog , who is then joined by Fozzie Bear , two Whatnots , and the audience .
muppet	By the way , read the top of my page where I talk to Mark . You might find it interesting . --
starwars	The gunnery scenes aboard the `` Millennium Falcon '' during the escape from the Death Star also bear a resemblance to film taken aboard heavy bombers .
muppet	Hey folks The announcement is up for the skin and ad format changes that are coming w New Wikias New Style . For the most part , the new ad on the article pages wont disrupt things very much , except on Sesame Episode pages . Check out the screenshot below to see what it looks like on a Wikia test site .
muppet	Were experimenting with different ways to encourage editing ... Its possible that people dont see the `` edit this page '' button on the top bar . So this is just a test , to see if people click on it when its in the sidebar . We can track where people are clicking , so if we see people clicking on it in the sidebar , then that gives us more information . --
poke	Its description , too , is a possible placeholder : `` This is a newly discovered Pokémon .
poke	Jessie sends Seviper to Bite , but the attack is deflected due to Corphish 's Harden .
starwars	The Hrakians were good at a fight and renamed as spacers .
poke	While Ash tries to calm it down , Kyogre is set loose , while Groudon prepares to be released as well .
muppet	Google is an Internet search engine , e-mail service provider , online map provider , video sharing , and social networking website . Founded by students at Stanford University in 1998 , it is the most visited website in the world .
starwars	At the same time , Imperial forces began spreading the rumor that a Jedi was on Jomark .
muppet	What about creature and human characters that are parodies - such as - Robert Stack Dinosaur , Odd Job Dinosaur or Safari Animal Tracker
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Hardly Heard Ya page .
starwars	Microdetonators were detonators that were used as a low profile explosives .
muppet	If the suggest box is getting in your way on a particular page , you can hit escape to make it go away . If you want it to go away all the time , you can turn it off on Preferences .
poke	Brock also mentions Eevee , a Pokémon which can evolve into three different Pokémon - Jolteon , Vaporeon , Flareon ( with usage of stones ) , or Espeon and Umbreon ( with more experience ) .
poke	May grabs it , while Eliza suspects Skitty was just worn out from all the playing .
muppet	Does anybody recall a sketch where Bob is trying to teach David how to be a waiter , and go through some doors carrying food ?
poke	The movie continues : Plusle and Minun are about to battle the Armaldo , but Pikachu comes , helping them .
poke	As Flannery calls Meg back , Mr. Moore hopes Flannery will learn she must not let her guard down , even if she feels like she has the advantage , and also must work on achieving victory before the battle is actually won .
muppet	Performed by Jerry Nelson , the loud-mouth female has a distinct and loud recognizable voice . She was once a librarian , auditioned to be on TV , and recorded three lullaby albums . Although she excitedly gets engaged to the green skinned male in Episode 107 Florence episode 107 , she has danced with several Whatnot partners over the run of the show . Later she tells Herman # 2 that she has a hard time keeping a man .
poke	Ash admits he was in the top eight in the Johto League and wants to challenge Natasha , who accepts the challenge .
starwars	According to Tix , the Star Destroyer 's range from the planet would prevent there from being such an issue .
muppet	Not yet released on DVD , the remaining episodes of season 2 are only available streaming
muppet	According to Deans autobiography , producer Bob Banner suggested that the show needed some sort of comedic character that Jimmy could interact with . Dean mentioned some Wilkins coffee commercials that he enjoyed seeing while in Washington , D.C . The commercials turned out to be the work of Jim Henson , who was contacted and recruited for the program . Dean stated that the segments with Rowlf were one of the most popular parts of the show , and stated that Rowlf drew two thousand fan letters a week .
muppet	In 2019 , McKenzie was signed to script and compose music for a Emmet Otters Jug-Band Christmas film adaptation of the TV special Emmet Otters Jug-Band Christmas .
poke	Jessie and James decide to abandon their work and capture Pikachu instead , causing the log to crush Meowth , who was carrying it .
starwars	The antiquated vesel was built prior to 52 BBY .
starwars	Divided into three distinct roles within the Order , the Lore Keepers could be found at the Jedi facilities on Coruscant , Telos IV , Kamparas , and Obroa-skai .
starwars	Sarkin believed that it was likely the intermarriage of Jedi and Antarian rangers that had given her Force sensitivity .
starwars	In 1 BBY , R2-D6 served onboard the Y-wing of Rebel pilot Wedge Antilles during the Kamino uprising .
muppet	Is this the one you have ? Its gorgeous . I found this pic in one of my regular picture-hunting trips through Ebay -- I think it was a few months ago , but I dont keep track of the prices . Worthpoint.com sometimes helps , but for this , you probably have to keep an eye out for when one gets sold on Ebay .
starwars	He was under observation by the Coruscant Security Force 's Anti-Terrorism Unit .
starwars	Hess reminds them that they have not been dismissed .
starwars	Just days after his raid , Darth Vader came upon the Rebel outpost to find the entire Rebel team wiped out .
poke	Jessie brings her Wurmple , surprising the heroes Team Rocket caught one as well .
poke	When her children ask what 's wrong , Caroline just says she 's working out in her household activities .
muppet	Does anybody know if this is the same TV set that turned into a monster in Episode 119 Vincent Episode 119 of The Muppet Show ? -- User Minor muppetz 2108 , 17 May 2006
starwars	Although some joined , others questioned Maul and Opress 's motives and were killed as a result , as Hondo Ohnaka , the pirate leader , was forced to watch .
poke	Ash loses patients , but May takes her time and decides to send Skitty to battle .
muppet	But Star Wars is clearly broken http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Special/Star_Wars ? limit=500 here .
muppet	Elmo Saves Christmas Holiday Favorites is the companion album to the TV special Elmo Saves Christmas Elmo Saves Christmas .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Williams page .
poke	Ampharos retaliates with Thunder Shock and as Skitty dodges the attack , Ampharos redirects the attack , hitting Skitty .
poke	Brock , Max and especially May are quite sleepy , since the latter took a pillow with her , as they woke up quite early .
starwars	His ranking was considered by many to be abnormally high , considering his lack of history with the Imperial Military .
poke	The heroes ( and Team Rocket , who hope to catch their enemy , Pikachu ) take a cable cart to Mount Chimney .
starwars	Sung-Tarr Corporation was a bounty hunter guild that was active during the Cold War between the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic .
muppet	A little while ago , the Watchlist choice was replaced by Followed pages . I find this irratating . Because when it was a `` Watchlist '' one could go onto the `` My Watchlist '' page and see when any pages on my watchlist had last been changed
poke	May 's Beautifly spinned around while using Silver Wind , as May got 25.9 points .
starwars	Their world ranged from barren rocky plains to small forests , and the Kordans lived among the terrain with little technology at all .
muppet	While filming a segment for Ernie
poke	Vito blames himself for the trouble they cause , so Alakazam uses Psychic , smashing the arm and placing Pikachu into Ash 's arms .
starwars	Buula 's Raiders were a group of pirates that operated out of Buula 's Rocky Home and were led by Buula Nen .
poke	Meowth releases another attack , making Swellow and Pikachu faint and are taken into the machine .
muppet	Together with Mike Riordan and Dick Barnett , he was one of the first three basketball players to appear on Sesame Street .
poke	Jessie , however , shows she took one before they all did , but the Seviper eats it before she does .
poke	Flannery starts the match , exciting Ash , but Max reminds them they need to start the battle on an official battlefield .
starwars	It was published on December 8 , 2020 .
muppet	A new contributor added this page . Im sure we have this song somewhere on the wiki , but I dont know where . Anybody know ? --
muppet	Jerzy Dominik .
poke	The spy enters the plane and hears how Tabitha orders them to go to Monsu Island , where Maxie has gone to .
starwars	Unidentified fabric retailer ( Capra )
muppet	Does the closing number of Episode 417 Star Wars count in Muppet Show medleys ? --
starwars	Kordi and Zander are distraught .
muppet	Snurbs
starwars	A small spout on the top of its forehead would spurt a thick gas into the air , which helped the Raich exert control over the animals , enslaving them to his will .
poke	Before the battle begins , Max expresses his excitement to watch the first Gym battle , since he and May were never allowed to watch Norman battling , else they may 've distracted the challengers .
starwars	Thrawn soon established the Empire of the Hand , named for its center of operations at the Hand of Thrawn .
muppet	One issue I see is that there are several similar wikis . There is also Pound Puppies Wiki 2 , which has a much better URL and more content pages , although I think the content itself is weaker . And then there is Pound Puppies Wiki 3 , which also has about the same amount of content . Having 3 similar wikis on the same series is just not very effective . Your friend either needs to make his wiki stand out more by having more content , or talk to some of the users at these other wikis about merging together at the best URL and combining your efforts . PoundPuppies2010 is not a very good URL to be honest , and it would be well worth the effort to try to get a better one .
starwars	Valentia was inhabited by the Second-wavers , a second more affluent wave of migrants who had settled on Jelucan .
muppet	Q An audience member simply thanks the performers for coming , and being so great .
poke	The announcer shows a ribbon , which the winners of the Contest can win ; with five ribbons collected , one can participate in the Grand Festival .
poke	Ash blames Team Rocket for this incident , but James challenges him to a battle , since he wants to do things fair .
starwars	They had organized the event to thank a group of freelance agents for preventing the release of a dangerous virus on the Caarite homeworld .
poke	Pikachu attacks everything with Thunderbolt , almost hurting Ash , then falls down from exhaustion .
poke	As they work on the battlefield , Max claims Mr. Moore is irresponsible to leave Flannery unprepared .
muppet	However , Ive always thought it was a bit odd to have the image uploader attribution right there on the page when the entire article has no author attribution without going to the history . It just seemed unbalanced . So while Im ok with it turned off , I dont really feel very strongly about it either way . . I agree that it is the sort of thing that should probably have a community discussion .
starwars	Returning to his hunt lodge , Petryph stood in audience with Savik projecting through one of her remote droids as she reported to Darth Malgus .
starwars	They were both foiled when N'Vaari used her comprehensive training as an actress to impersonate a Twi'lek performer at the Starlight Theater located on Phyrstal Island in the resort city of Le Yer .
poke	However , an unexpected help arrives , a man whom Ash and Brock have met before .
poke	Torchic begins to cry and goes to May , while Ash thanks Grovyle for helping out , though Corphish ignores that .
muppet	`` Im Not Scared '' is a song sung by Wembley Wembley to try to convince himself that hes not afraid when he accidentally wanders into the Terrible Tunnel in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 108 The Terrible The Terrible Tunnel . ''
poke	The heroes appear on Adam and Evelyn 's boat , demanding back the treasure and amazing Team Rocket as to how they escaped the cave .
poke	Claire gives Spinda back to Kain , and sees the flower Kain gives to her , which is the same flower Kain gave her when they first met .
starwars	It was made of liquid metal , so its teeth could automatically shape to match any lock .
poke	Tommy reminds Swampert the ship had crashed and everyone had to flee , so Tommy felt Marshtomp would be safe in its Poké Ball , but did not want to abandon it .
muppet	The E
poke	Slakoth turns on his back , causing Pikachu to spin and get dizzy , missing his target .
starwars	High Lord Korsin Bentado and several other Sith had survived the battle above the Western Shield .
muppet	Shouldnt this page be merged with the `` Jazzy Spies '' page ? MuppetVJ 2243 , 1 June 2006
poke	Jessie orders Seviper to use Bite and Poison Tail , but Zangoose jumps , dodging the attacks .
poke	Ash agrees and is given , along with May , a Badge Case , while Max receives a Pokémon Navigator , also known as PokéNav .
muppet	She continued , `` By teaching preschoolers about coding , were giving them the opportunity to change the world . '' Big Bird replied , `` Youre helping kids to grow up to be smarter , stronger and kinder , '' a reference to Sesame Sesame Workshops Kindness initiative .
muppet	This project was first announced almost two years ago , in December 2007 . It was mentioned again in a press release in October 2008 . Its now November 2009 , and there have been no further details about it . Should we move this to Unfinished ? --
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0623 , September 12 , 2009
poke	Team Rocket , in disguise , come to the cheerleading teacher , Sheridan , and demand to be supported by cheerleaders during their battle .
starwars	Grain maggot
starwars	He hosted an instruction cassette video that accompanied a brand of mini-transmitter sold outside the company 's base in the Amorphiia system .
starwars	Richard Green is a voice actor whose `` Star Wars '' work includes the roles of Lo-Taren and Krix in .
starwars	Yoda also used glowing crystals to illuminate his home .
poke	Erica is very angry , seeing Joshua and May are making combination attacks , even if she is the one that works with Joshua .. Ash and Brock release Pikachu and Snorunt out of the cages .
poke	Meowth attacks Corphish and disappears , causing Corphish to believe Ash attacked him .
muppet	Whats the source for Jerry Juhl as Arnold ? I know this was discussed when the spots were on YouTube , and the second commercial clearly wasnt Henson , but do we have a source for Juhl , or just that it sounds like him ? I ask less because I doubt its him , but because of the year range . Were the commercials only produced in 1969 ? How do we know which Arnold voice came first ?
starwars	For decades , he had helped Sidious , known publicly as Palpatine from Naboo , rise to the position of Senator and played a hand in his apprentice 's election as the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic in 32 BBY .
muppet	Hey Scott -- if you have a sec , take a look at the Episode 323 Lynn Redgrave songs in the Henson database
starwars	X440 blaster actuating module
poke	Tate , the boy , orders Solrock to use Sandstorm , but nothing happens , for the girl 's Lunatone is part Rock type as well .
starwars	It was claimed by the Mandalorian-turned bounty hunter Jango Fett .
poke	Ash , Timmy and Tommy go out of the mansion , surprising Mrs. Grimm , who thought Timmy was the Phantom .
poke	Suddenly , they see a group of children riding some Water Pokémon , Gorebyss and Huntail , both of which evolve from a Clamperl .
poke	Meanwhile , Juliet wonders what is going with Romeo and remembers when Juliet asked if Romeo would marry her , when Romeo agree .
poke	As Steven is searching for the people he heard screaming , Ash , Brock and James venture through the tunnels .
poke	Team Rocket is also affected by the earthquake and find some Dugtrio leaving the area .
starwars	The dismantler droid fell to its demise in the volatile depths of Yarma .
starwars	242 .
muppet	Anyway , Im psyched up . We have a wiki ! -- Toughpigs 1524 , 5 Dec 2005
muppet	What are your plan with all the images you have uploaded ? . Also please dont overwrite exsiting images unless its because you are replacing it with a image that has a better resolution or are better for the pages its being used on . Henrik
poke	The four demonstrate , but Claydol uses its Hyper Beam , Ice Beam and psychic to get rid of Jessie , Meowth and May , so Wobbuffet is the only one standing .
starwars	Instead , the actors were placed on a bobbing seat-like construct and filmed , while the cockpit ( including the proper ship movement ) was added in post-production .
poke	The man is impressed , since Mr. Briney heard stories of Team Aqua being up to no good from his fellow sailors .
muppet	Smith received Emmy Emmy nominations for her designs for The Jim Henson Hour which received a BAFTA nomination for Best Costumes in 1991 .
poke	She joins Ash and Brock at the training center , where Max and Tommy pick the Poké Balls to fight .
poke	Brock suspects they are working alongside Shiftry to stop them from coming to the tree , where Nurse Joy is .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the 2002 page .
poke	Max does not want Poochyena to battle Flying Pokémon , nor Pokémon with special moves , to widen the odds .
starwars	It was piloted by a pilot droid whose torso was fused to the starship 's frame , and received commands from a control center on the ground .
poke	As Ash prepares for his rematch with Brawly , he , May , Max and Brock meet a Battle Girl by the name of Shauna , whose reason for battling was to prove she was better than Ash .
starwars	Gandle Ott system defense force
starwars	The recent attacks have the Senate clamoring for a return to war , and when Gall , Din , Tavus , and Shan arrive on Dantooine , Gall convinces Tavus to meet him in a remote cave system .
poke	Brock points out these steel-type Pokémon are very territorial and will attack , including them or Torkoal .
poke	Ash reminds his Pokémon that they need to train this technique to defeat Brawly properly .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0405 , June 26 , 2009
poke	May thinks Snorunt likes Ash and Joy confirms this , since Ash 's disappearance would make Snorunt sad .
poke	Norman does not understand what Caroline means and asks if she needs help with the luggage , causing everyone to fall down from Norman 's words .
poke	Meowth also shares the secret that the judges also test two secret skills , coolness and `` charismagnetism '' .
poke	Thus , Kelly and May are determined to win the Lilycove City 's Contest , as Ash and Max see they are rivals now .
poke	While Seviper and Jessie cry for the loss , Meowth has a new plan to steal all Pokémon from the contest .
muppet	After the death of Jim Henson in 1990 , Lazer was instrumental in keeping Jim Hensons company going . Brian Henson said of him `` David sort-of came and lived with us for a while there just to help figure it all out . Id say that David Lazer was probably the biggest influence , through that period , to help figure out how we were going to go forward . ''
starwars	The Memory was a `` Nau'ur '' -class yacht manufactured by Kalevala Spaceworks .
muppet	So , if we need to make our position clear to Community and Product , there are some things we can do . Everybody should post on Community Central , explaining all of our objections , and we should participate in every open blog thread related to the change . The simple message is Not on Muppet Wiki .
muppet	Hey , Danny , I noticed that you took out the WB Records logo , and then Scott erased it . Was there a problem with it ? --
starwars	Even Marelle became a journalist , working for the `` Galactic Resorts '' holomagazine .
starwars	He enlisted as an X-Wing pilot but on his first mission they told him he 'd have to wait 5 years .
poke	The old man shares his secret to Team Rocket : they need to mix their own berries , giving them unique flavor , so nobody knows what mixture it is .
starwars	However , the Rebel droids C-3PO and R2-D2 evacuated the `` Tantive IV '' amidst the fighting with the Death Star plans in tow .
muppet	Hi , Tony ! Just an FYI , cause I saw you were having trouble with the link to your MC posting . To make an external link , you use one bracket instead of two . Then you add a space between the URL and the label that you want the link to say . I fixed your link , so now it looks like this
muppet	In the 2015 ABC series The Muppets The Muppets , Rowlf is the proprietor and piano player of his own bar , Rowlfs Tavern . In Episode 103 Bear Left Then Bear his first appearance in the series , Rowlf is seen wearing a cone , which he explains is to keep him from biting his stitches from a recent surgery .
starwars	One of those prisoners was Zekka Thyne , of the Black Sun organization .
poke	Brock is surprised how Seviper recovered so fast , but Thatcher believes that is the power of cheering .
starwars	In 29 BBY , Lundi was freed by Kenobi , now a Jedi Knight following the death of Qui-Gon Jinn three years earlier , and his Padawan Anakin Skywalker .
muppet	I watched this at the Paley Center , and I really think the summary on the Jim Henson Hour page and this page should be lengthened . Anyone agree ? TenCents 1529 , 29 August 2009
muppet	Dude ! What happens if you press the red button ? I gots to know . -- Danny Toughpigs 2238 , 3 March 2006
starwars	Unknown to the rebel crew , the fortress belonged to Darth Vader , who lifted XM-G3 into the air using the Force .
starwars	The Krath Holy Crusade had officially begun .
poke	Muttering to get Surskit , Jessie tries to snatch it out of the taller Max 's hands , even if he , Max and May pull Surskit away .
muppet	Please respond here so we know you understand .
poke	Max and May rush to wake them up , but they , Brock and Marcel are affected by the attack as well .
starwars	Novels and novelizations are separated , as are junior novels and junior novelizations .
muppet	TV Guide Miss Piggy is here tonight to talk about her role in the film , Muppets from Space , her life as a model and her role of author of two books Miss Piggys Guide to Life and In the Kitchen with Miss Piggy . Miss Piggy has graced the covers of Life and Time and starred in a series of Lays ads . She also starred in The Muppet Movie , The Great Muppet Caper , The Muppets Take Manhattan , A Muppet Christmas Carol and Muppet Treasure Island . Miss Piggy will be on Live with Regis and Kathie Lee tomorrow and The Daily Show tomorrow night , and Kermit will be on The Tonight Show tonight . Thanks for coming to chat with us .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks a lot for adding information to your page -- its great to have info straight from the source . )
poke	Jessie and James start to worry about both Arbok and Weezing , but Meowth assures them they have been trained well , since they have endured Pikachu 's attacks in the past .
muppet	File Thought of the Week ft. Sgt . Floyd Pepper The Floyd Pepper
starwars	It was motivated by a desire to spread the Taurill throughout the galaxy , and to that end reached an agreement with Durga Besadii Tai in 12 ABY .
muppet	Also , dont forget to check out Special and associated pages for other tips and guidance . And , of course , feel free to reach out if you have other questions . Thanks !
starwars	He claimed responsibility for the Senate bombing and demanded she turn control of the Republic over to him .
poke	However , Meowth tells them if Exploud was at their boss , Exploud would emit a voice whenever the boss had to do something at an exact time , having his time organized , so Jessie and James are convinced to capture it .
starwars	Zayne Carrick , who was aiding the Resistance , volunteered for the job , as well as Shel Jelavan , sister of the slain Padawan Shad .
starwars	They were later mentioned in the article `` Castaways of Endor , '' written by Wallace and Amy Pronovost and released on December 1 , 2008 , on StarWars.com for the members of the website 's registration-exclusive fanclub , , which has since been retired .
starwars	Morne wore a light blue outfit and light yellow boots .
poke	Max replies he was just joking around and bumps into a man , who is Professor Oak .
poke	Max mentions May caught a Bulbasaur and she shows it to Oak , who is impressed and notes how cute it looks .
poke	Ash asks to check his Pokémon , and Brock tries to impress Nurse Joy , only to get dragged away by Max .
starwars	Following the capture of Takara and Spinner , the Doomed also detained the remaining Keshiri crew at the shore and impounded the `` Southern Star '' .
poke	After being bruised a bit from unsuccessful leaps , Treecko jumps down and begins to spin around itself while falling in the air and manages to crush the rock .
muppet	Hey , Wendy ! I saw your move to the Pete Seeger `` Hello '' song . I wasnt quite sure how to work with that . See , weve got the `` Hello '' skit on the 45 of CC 75001 , the Pete Seeger song , and theres also a song called Hello from a Sesame Street Live show . I forgot what the shows name is right now , but I asked a question on its talk page . So do we need to make a disambiguation page for these ? I didnt know how to make one . I hope this explains what Ive been doing with the various songs and skits . --
muppet	The duo participated in Sesame Streets `` Love to Learn Love to Learn '' campaign for `` Music and Dancing '' month in October 2016 . They appeared with Ernie in https//www.facebook.com/Billboard/videos/10154329599114581/ a live chat on Billboards Facebook page on July 7th , and recorded a cover of `` I Dont Want to Live on the Moon '' which was released on October 5th .
starwars	The vessel also held a number of escape pods .
muppet	The Muppet Newsflash has some names mentioned for the babies used to portray Marco in seasons 37 and 38 . I dont know what the sources are , but I thought Id throw that out there ; or more specifically , here . — Scott
muppet	During a March 2012 appearance on The Soup , Statler and Statler commented `` I thought E ! stood for entertainment . '' Statler and Waldorf responded `` If this show is any indication , E ! will stand for anything . '' The two then laughed , much to host Joel Joel McHales dismay .
poke	It occupies hexadecimal slot E1 and will become a ' v if traded to `` Pokémon Red and Blue '' .
muppet	`` Punsmoke '' Chicken Liver and Kermit appear as Marshall Dilly and Pester in a Henson-scripted parody of Gunsmoke .
starwars	Xerxes
starwars	A magna lock , or magna-lock , was a device used by the Galactic Empire on its prisoners .
starwars	IG-88B , often referred to simply as `` IG-88 '' by others , became a legend among bounty hunters .
starwars	Lerek Serrus was a male Human Sith apprentice to Darth Lachris and vice president of Balmorra during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire .
muppet	Judith Leyster was a The Dutch painter of petit genre , portraits , and still lifes . Until 1893 , her entire body of work was attributed to two men Frans Hals and her husband , Jan Miense Molenaer . Many of her works are signed with a unique monogram consisting of her initials followed by an asterisk JL *
muppet	The show was spoofed as `` Muppet Match-up '' on Episode 101 Michelle episode 101 of Muppets Tonight . Hosted by Kermit the Frog in `` 1975 '' , Michelle Pfeiffer was a guest on the show , choosing between three bachelors - Dr. Bunsen Bunsen Honeydew , Beaker , and Animal .
muppet	The Mad Painter was the title character in a series of live-action films on Sesame Street . Produced for the programs Season 3 third season , the film inserts used comedic slapstick to teach number recognition , emphasizing the symbolic representation of the numeral , and how it is drawn , in contrast to the Baker Films , which stressed counting and quantity .
muppet	Clarissa is a member of the audience in Muppets Tonight Episode 104 John episode 104 whos invited to participate in a sketch with Johnny Fiama . Reluctantly plucked from her seat by Sal Minella , Johnny attempts to swoon her with a rendition of `` Close to Close to You '' over a Valentines Day dinner . Objecting to her lack of a choice in what to order , and a disdain for the way veal is raised , she punches Sal in the face and leaves the stage .
starwars	Kaj Nedmak
muppet	Whats a pledge season ? Im from the UK so can anyone explain this to me ? -- Areyouakegger
starwars	The Nikto were unable to leave because the captain was also their pilot , and they were unable to go fetch him due to the fact that the cantina contained fumes that were poisonous to their species .
starwars	In 25 ABY , during the Yuuzhan Vong War between the Yuuzhan Vong species and the New Republic , the Yuuzhan Vong conquered the planet Agamar .
starwars	Thabeska was a planet located in the Outer Rim Territories where the Fardi clan operated .
starwars	R3-S1 , nicknamed `` Threece , '' was an R3-series astromech droid with feminine programming that served as part of the Alliance to Restore the Republic .
starwars	328 .
muppet	The song was again featured as the closing number in Episode 109 Whoopi episode 109 of Muppets Tonight , where it was sung by Whoopi Goldberg and Miss Piggy , backed by the Penguins .
starwars	Fearing for Tup 's immediate safety , Fives and AZ1-3 removed the tumor from his brain .
starwars	While she and her brothers had a respectful relationship with their battle droid butler Roger , they were sometimes annoyed by his clumsiness and bluntness .
starwars	A love is forbidden .
muppet	The Count Counts , Every Bodys Record , ¡Sesame Sesame Mucho , Arent You Glad Youre You ? Arent You Glad Youre You , Sesame Sesame Disco , The Sesame Street Fairy Tale Album , Sesame Street Sesame Street Live , What Time Is It on Sesame What Time Is It On Sesame Street , How to Be a How To Be A Grouch .
muppet	Miss Kathleen was later seen as a customer complaining about monkey hair in her baked ziti at Johnny Johnny Fiama ’ s Pasta Playhouse on Episode 208 The Cameo episode 208 . She was performed by Leslie Carrara-Rudolph in this episode .
poke	The girl reminds him Solar Beam needs time to be launched , telling he needs to set his timing to defeat her .
poke	Birch appreciates Max 's praising , but wonders what the heroes are still doing in here , thinking they would be in Slateport City by now .
poke	May claims that was an exciting day , but Max thinks May stayed the same since that day .
starwars	Can humans look into a past time ? ''
poke	Birch and May pull Ash , who asks Pikachu to come to Professor Birch 's lab to get healed .
starwars	Later , a Gotal worked on Atzerri as a guard for Joreb Goss , a drug addict .
poke	Ash spots Joshua on the screen , whose Houndoom uses Shadow Ball and Swift and impresses the audience .
muppet	Dont let that discourage you , though . Thanks again !
starwars	Darth Vader personally oversaw the Jedi 's eradication , and , with the military under the Chancellor 's control , and the Jedi all but destroyed , Sidious proclaimed himself Emperor of the first Galactic Empire .
muppet	His other film credits include playing chauffeur Bitterman in Arthur and Arthur 2 On the Rocks and guest starred on The Jeffersons , Benson , and 227 .
muppet	Also , its nice to see Sherlock Hemlock peeking at me from the logo again , a reminder of St. Patricks Day and spring renewal !
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Jbrangwynne53 Talk ) 1615 , August 14 , 2011
starwars	The Official Star Wars Fact File 103
poke	As the heroes go to save her , Oddish intercept them and use Stun Spore , but May 's Beautifly gusts the attack away .
starwars	The man was at the pool when the 61st soldier and the Alliance 's Sullustan resistance fighter Nien Nunb arrived to help the victims .
starwars	Sadow knew that the Sith did not have the numbers to defeat the Republic navy , so he relied on surprise , and also cast Sith illusions through Sith magic to make the invasion forces seem larger than they really were .
muppet	Images and concept artwork from Hensons unrealized Cyclia project were included in the books Jim Henson The Works and Imagination Illustrated and have been spotlighted on the Jim Hensons Red Book blog .
poke	May is angered at Corphish , but Max reminds her Ash did order Corphish to help them out .
muppet	The Count has a compulsive love of counting arithmomania ) ; he will count anything and everything , regardless of size , amount , or how much annoyance he causes others around him . In one song he stated that he sometimes even counts himself . When he finishes counting , The Count laughs and announces his total . This finale is usually accompanied by a crash of thunder and lightning . In recent years , The Count has appeared on each episode to announce the Number of the Day , playing notes on his organ to count up to the featured number .
poke	Brock reminds May and Max Treecko is in trouble , since it does not know any grass-type moves .
muppet	I think keeping an archive.org link for the blog is a great idea , but Im not sure if it makes sense for the individual video pages if the video content isnt there .
starwars	Isila Drutch , a female , was from the New Territories planet of Parshoone , and was born prior to 10 BBY .
muppet	Duke Snowdon is a photographer from Illinois usually employed in taking photos of Bogen County state fairs . Scooter hires Duke in the 1979 graphic novel The Comic Muppet Book to take publicity photographs , believing that the hayseed is Wikipedia Armstrong-Jones , 1st Earl of Antony Armstrong-Jones , 1st Earl of Snowdon , a famous British photographer .
poke	Ash stops , since he almost fell down a cliff in his search for May , Max and Brock .
poke	May , Ash and Max go with him , but Brock finds the Mudkip , who gets away , so Brock goes after it .
poke	To have better chances at finding Pikachu , Ash and Birch split from each other .
muppet	In Sesame Street 20 and Still Counting , three new Sesame Street News segments were created , featuring Kermit on location to ask the question of the day , `` Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street ? ''
muppet	I feel that this page could use some more info on Fozzie . It talks a lot about his ealry appearances , but there is a lot more that could be said about Fozzie . I plan on adding some info later , if nobody beats me to it , but here are some topics that could be described here
starwars	Xiono and the pirates enter the dreadnought 's hyperdrive chamber .
muppet	I have recently edited the page for Zwarte Piet on the Muppet Wiki . This page has since been vandalized by user Tinyirnfist0 , he or she has been been placing false information https//deref-mail.com/mail/client/2n0YnQNBoDM/dereferrer/ ? redirectUrl=https % 3A % 2F % 2Fmuppet.fandom.com % 2Fwiki % 2FZwarte_Piet % 3Fdiff % 3D1165170 % 26oldid % 3D1165165 https//muppet.fandom.com/wiki/Zwarte_Piet ? diff=1165170
muppet	In 1988 , they arranged The Rainforest Benefit , a concert to raise awareness for environmentalism . The Muppets were featured in a video spot during one of the music breaks .
poke	Brock , May and Max decide to rest , but are `` encouraged '' by other trainers to continue exercising .
muppet	Okay sorry I kinda got all up in his face . But you mean I can do stuff like that on my page ? If you would like would you be a character ? - http//muppetfandom.com/User8899
starwars	Unhindered , the Rogues leaped to hyperspace , returning to Base Delta-Nine .
starwars	The deception priest 's motives in visiting the planet were by then threefold .
starwars	The limitations of bluescreen technology at the time made such a dome impractical .
starwars	However , due to Alderaan 's insignificant military capabilities , they depended upon the Republic forces to do battle alone , and all Jedi fighters were told to spread out and engage enemy fighters as soon as they exited hyperspace , drawing their fire away from the convoy .
starwars	Duke ( disambiguation )
muppet	By the way , if youre still back East , I hope youre enjoying your final Christmas with snow ! --
poke	Team Rocket does n't care as they send their Pokémon to attack again , but Heracross uses Fury Attack , blasting Team Rocket off .
poke	Jessie and Meowth have their own plans , thinking there is a vein inside that has not been discovered .
muppet	Im giving you another chance , because Im hoping that you can become a productive member of the community . Please be attentive and respectful , and make sure that youre adding facts . --
poke	Lance knows the orbs are to control Kyogre and Groudon , hence any living being can not withstand the power of the orbs , which can control minds .
starwars	Duuurga , another clone of Durga created by Thrawn , was not allowed near Chewbaacca after that .
starwars	Cay sprinted for the `` Nebulon Ranger '' and took to the skies , but Ulic was not receptive to his brother 's greetings and tried to evade Cay 's pursuit .
muppet	Ms. Scuttles is a caterpillar who comes to visit her friend Mr. Squigglebottom in The Furchester Hotel episode `` Episode 115 The Caterpillar The Caterpillar Catastrophe . ''
muppet	Hey , G ! I checked the history of Grandpa Grouch , and see that its your contribution . See the talk page , if you can help flesh it out . The rest of us dont have a clue .
poke	Ash thinks it would be best to get Bulbasaur here to show it to May 's for playing and even to teach May 's Bulbasaur some things .
muppet	In 2008 , Christie commented `` Bangladesh got a tiger in the Cookie Monster vein . Its furry and goofy looking , a tiger monster . ''
muppet	Was it really necessary to block User150.148.0.27 that quickly ? All he tried to do was post a transcript of that 39 Stairs sketch , which isnt necesarily nonsense -- BradFraggle did it on the First and Last First and Last page and the 1839 page . I personally dont think transcripts are something that belong on a site like this , but going by this new set of rules weve been establishing , it seems a little unfair of you to block said anonymous user after that one harmless MuppetVJ 0159 , 22 March 2006
poke	Drew is shown to be battling against a dressed man , with his Roselia is losing to a Dusclops .
poke	Team Rocket searches for Skitty , but Meowth and Wobbuffet smell Oddish 's scent .
starwars	The first of the Y-series were built in the Old Republic era , and new and improved models were made in every era since .
muppet	The article took issue with the language used in a sketch in which Roosevelts mother asks Roosevelt to spell his name
muppet	In an article for NPR , the writing process for the song was touched upon Tom Kitt described the song using an old-school musical-theater term . Its `` a soaring , emotional I want moment , '' he said , a readily identifiable , recognizably Broadway kind of sound .
muppet	The event receives praise from independent producers . Magic Tree Productions from DR Congo is quoted in the 2013 brochure `` MIPJunior helps us secure excellent meetings in person . How else would we have got to meet with Disney or Sesame ? ''
muppet	Led by Narang , the group appears along with a youth group . Production of the segment was featured in an episode of the travel web series Bare Feet with Mickela Mallozzi ; Mallozzi was one of the dancers .
starwars	During the attack she was stationed on the vessel 's bridge alongside its Captain Moden Canady , and when the lone Resistance pilot Poe Dameron began attacking the `` Fulminatrix '' in his T-70 X-wing starfighter `` Black One '' she disdainfully commented that his attack would fail to penetrate their armor .
poke	Team Rocket hides and continue on planning to take Trapinch , along with Pikachu .
poke	However , was dragged on Mirage Island and remembers something pulled him into a cave , where he found the Liechi Berries he sought out .
poke	Mary 's grandma changes `` her faith '' to Solrock , as the one , who saved the village .
poke	He states once they remember that advice , they are both united and their desire to win is even greater .
muppet	It seems like I havent talked to you in a long time . I think I had some record questions for you , but its getting late , and I cant remember what they were . So I guess Ill talk to you later ! --
poke	It 's up to Ash and May to save the day—and in doing so they uncover mysterious , ancient Pokémon .
muppet	Shake Your Head One Time The humans of Sesame Street do a rendition of Shake Your Head One Time .
starwars	The Weequay had gone to the dark side and allied with Dooku .
poke	While taking a break from cleaning duty , Max wonders about the Badges Flannery will give out .
poke	Kimmy tells Tokin to go after the balloon , so it jumps , landing on the balloon itself .
muppet	This is the rule that Id like Whenever the picture changes , any picture on the page that doesnt have any votes gets an X put under it . If a picture gets three Xs -- i.e. , it doesnt get a single vote after three changes -- then it gets taken off the page . A picture with two Xs can be spared from the chopping block if somebody votes for it -- a single vote will remove all the Xs from that picture . So if you like a picture that hasnt gotten any votes after two changes , you can `` save '' it by giving it a vote before it gets a third X .
starwars	Jas then grabbed Pandion around the neck and held a blaster to his head .
starwars	In the months following the Attack on Chandrila , Auxi moderated a meeting of the Committee for Imperial Reallocation to discuss redistributing the resources of the Galactic Empire .
muppet	He is the cousin of Oscar the Grouch , and , not surprisingly , he shares many of his cousins tastes . Rather than celebrating Rosh Hashanah by dipping apple slices into honey for a sweet new year , Moishe tells us that Oofniks prefer to dip them into sardine grease so the new year will be slimy . He loves to hear Itzhak Perlman play violin , so long as the music is off-key . If he responds lovingly to flowers and puppies , its probably a sign that hes come down with a bad case of spring fever . According to one scene from the show , Moishes grandfather was a pioneer and the first Grouch in Israel .
muppet	I enjoyed reading the synopsis of todays episode , but the picture at the top of the article covers one of the text boxes
starwars	Aphra and Korin take an elevator to the core which brings them to a crystal .
starwars	Thus , Kenobi took Rex , Commander `` Cody , '' and other forces to pursue Grievous while Skywalker would continue fighting the space battle against the Separatist forces .
muppet	There are actually two Sesame Street turkeys at least , so that one should be handled based on which puppet it is .
muppet	During the 1980s , Henson wanted to make a name for himself and find work without his fathers help .
muppet	Stiles discussed his philosophy of writing in 1988 Never talk down to children . Always try to entertain children and parents at the same time . Try to have adult characters speak the way adults speak and not in singsong kiddy-show style . And teach something while all this is going on ... This is basically a sketch comedy show .
starwars	The next episode , `` Slaves of the Republic , '' adapts plot elements from the comic 's third and fourth issues , and .
starwars	As a result of Maladi 's deception , the Imperial Moffs convinced Fel to go to war in 127 ABY .
muppet	The TV special technically debuted in a special preview stream online on December 28 , 2012 . It is still currently available online at http//www.ndr.de/fernsehen/sendungen/sesamstrasse2113.html NDR.de - Unsere Geschichte Als die Sesamstraße ins deutsche TV kam .
muppet	Freudberg graduated from Syracuse University in 1971 with a bachelors degree in speech and dramatic arts .
poke	Team Rocket watches them and they agree to capture Seviper , who looked quite tough and powerful - ideal to a member of Team Rocket .
muppet	Is this a spoof of The Macarena ? Scott
muppet	Hi , Garrett ! Another heads up . In the early years of the Wiki , we agreed it was okay to mix numerical symbols and written numbers . In particular , in phrases like `` 130 half hours , '' it looks awkward in full . So if you see a mix , its okay and generally preferable to leave as is . We use whatever works within the context of the sentence or chart . Thanks ! --
poke	Once Mrs. Grimm comes home , May practices with Skitty , who uses DoubleSlap to juggle the balls .
poke	The boulder is pushed and the water is diverted into two streams , one of which soaks Team Rocket .
poke	Torkoal cries for Spoink 's loss , so the heroes decide to help Spoink find the pearl .
starwars	Such an event was unmarked by this species and this new patriarch known as Hallow Voice proposed a more peaceful approach in their dealings with other races through cooperation .
poke	Taillow and Beautifly drop the ones they took , so everyone runs off to follow the trail .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1027 , 30 August 2010
poke	Pikachu wakes up , and being possessed by the orb , he emits electricity , then goes away .
poke	May states she has to honor that oath , and knows it would be tough to start over for the next year 's Grand Festival , she would be still up for that challenge .
starwars	After landing , Korr was ambushed , disarmed , and captured by a squad of camouflaged Imperial Saboteurs armed with disruptor rifles .
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile , but Flannery sends Mag , who uses Ember to counter the attack .
starwars	These defense forces could also be used to support fellow Confederate allies and on special missions led by the Separatist Council or their trusted compatriots .
starwars	But unlike the clunky R1-series or the overly large P2-series , this rounded , waist-high droid was made specifically to fit in military starfighter astromech slots .
poke	Ash replies he left all his Pokémon in Pallet Town , since he wants to seek new Pokémon and befriend them in Hoenn .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 0544 , February 15 , 2010
starwars	Sabine borrowed Ezra 's lightsaber while Saxon wielded the Darksaber .
poke	The man comes to the heroes , allowing them to see that is the spy from Devon Corporation .
starwars	Putting their plans into action , Ezra and Kanan used the Force to hurl Sabine towards the sensor marker .
muppet	The title of this strip is actually `` Jim Hensons Muppets '' , as can be seen on the published strips . Shouldnt the article be renamed to reflect that ? User Darth Prefect
muppet	I just discovered this cool resource - http//mbc.dcms.ihost.com/mbc/guestLogin.jsp the Museum of Broadcast Communications Archives . They have full episode videos of several Muppet/Henson things online to watch for free . Including The Muppet Show Episode 411 Lola episode 411 , Muppet Babies Episode 305 The Muppet Broadcasting episode 305 , Episode the first episode of Sesame Street
poke	With all the training Ash had to do up to this point , does he have what it takes to beat Brawly , or will he wipe out again and be all for nothing ?
muppet	What do we want to do with this info ? Should we change all the birds names to these ?
poke	The heroes go to find what they caught , but the Pokémon start commenting how they fall in someone else 's hole , seeing the heroes are here .
poke	Meowth spots the movie equipment and plans to steal it so that the boss would see his favorite movie on big screen .
muppet	Hey , something totally off the wall . I noticed that you were messing with a weird gray box in the sandbox . What exactly is that ? I think Ive seen some around , but I cant remember where , and I dont know how to fix it . Thanks ! --
starwars	At some point during the Clone Wars , CS-321 was captured by a band of Weequay pirates .
starwars	Emancipation virus
starwars	However , this exploration of ancient galactic history obviously does not include the Infinite Empire of the Rakata or the Killiks , since `` '' and `` '' had not yet been produced .
starwars	Unidentified planet ( Thrawn 's exile ) /Legends
starwars	Chilab
muppet	That said , if we could at least get premiere dates for seasons 2 and 3 , that might be the best we can do for now . And would be helpful in at least locking down a debut year for AS characters who went on to appear in other Muppet productions .
starwars	.
starwars	The Republic 's victory came when it successfully uncovered the process behind Waymancy 's weapons .
poke	The people grew more power hungry , and despite their wisdom , the power of the Legendary Pokémon was much more dangerous .
starwars	Urdruua
starwars	X-7 told the story of how the Empire destroyed the planet 's capital city of Mirabel when the local populace objected to the Empire 's presence in their planet .
starwars	Cards 95-100 featured artwork inspired by the LucasArts .
starwars	Despite its controversial nature , Lemayne 's tactic achieved some success in weakening Sith resistance to the Republic .
starwars	As an Imperial officer , Jovan knew how to use a blaster , and was also trained in unarmed combat .
starwars	Despite this , Kairos had occasional moments of emotion .
muppet	Europes borders have always been somewhat arbitrary , as a `` continent '' incorporates both cultural and political elements of Europes approximately 50 states , Russia is the largest by area and population , and Vatican City is the smallest .
starwars	However , they were later captured and brought to Citadel Command where the warden , Osi Sobeck asked for the Nexus Route , a hyperspace route that was valuable to both the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy , and the reason why Piell was captured in the first place .
muppet	In 2008 , Muppets.com was nominated for `` Outstanding Short Form Entertainment '' in the inaugural ceremony of the Global Media Awards .
poke	Once they 're done , Jessie has James carry her bag , though James ' bag has a hole , which drops the Poké Balls , leaving a trail .
muppet	The `` Wolf vom Wörtersee '' segments focus primarily on the alphabet and words .
starwars	The Chevin had both Jarael and Demagol strung up in an observation tower whose glass was meant to magnify and increase the intensity of Metellos 's already powerful sunlight and incinerate anyone in the room .
starwars	Angered at her failure to turn Revan , Shan retreated to the Star Forge where she and Revan eventually had their final battle .
muppet	The Brooklyn Academy of Music held a special event Muppets , Music
muppet	Several different fruit flavors were available in two-packs . The packaging featured a broad variety of Muppet content billed as `` Geheimtip '' on the underside , with characters presenting gender oriented ideas , jokes , tips and tricks
poke	May and Ash continue arguing , since their Pokémon 's attacks negated each other .
starwars	A church was formed by a female Falleen charlatan in 45 ABY .
poke	A grunt turns off the power switch , so the cable cart where Team Rocket and the heroes are stopped .
muppet	Other notable Muppet chickens are the Giant Man-Eating Chicken from John Denver and the Muppets A Rocky Mountain Holiday , and the Humongous Chicken from Elmo In Grouchland .
starwars	It contained a planet of the same name , Maryx Minor .
muppet	When User Michael created this article , he wrote that the bunnies with cow horns were called `` cunnies '' . An anonymous user just changed that to `` cabbits '' . I dont have a copy of the special on me ... Which one is right ? --
muppet	Hi , welcome to the wiki . Your question may best be answered by Sesame Workshop http//www.sesameworkshop.org/aboutus/inside_faq.php # 9040677 at this link . Scott
muppet	I moved this back to `` The Greatest Muppet Movie of All Time ! ! ! '' as theres no real source that the title has changed . http//theplaylist.blogspot.com/2010/06/jason-segels-muppet-movie-gets.html The Playlist got their information from http//thefilmstage.com/2010/06/09/muppets-to-invade-segel-style-christmas-2011/ The Film Stage and they dont cite a source . Its likely coming from http//boxofficemojo.com/movies/ ? id=themuppets.htm Box Office Mojo which is only using `` The Muppets '' as a placeholder title . Scott
starwars	Cronal had many other powers of the Force , including the ability to control minds , rip thoughts from the minds of others , cast Force illusions , and heal himself .
starwars	During the Clone Wars , Obi-Wan Kenobi wore a distinctive white and red robe , black boots , white gloves , and a large black belt with a brass-colored buckle .
poke	Lairon attacks with Metal Claw , defeating Bulbasaur and knocking May out of the Contest .
starwars	She personally preferred to take the fight to the Yuuzhan Vong , regarding conflict with them as inevitable , though Chiss society preferred to stay safely in the Unknown Regions .
muppet	Good night , and good luck --
poke	Brock and Nurse Joy appear , the latter warning Shiftry it does not need to fight Treecko , promising to take care of Nuzleaf .
poke	Brock compliments the Geodude , warning Ash of the battle Roxanne and him will have .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-02-14T141803
starwars	Fairweld Casino was a luxury gambling establishment located in the Commercial district of Estalle Island on Procopia in the Tapani sector .
muppet	`` Oh , Boy '' is sung by Bear , Pip and Pop , Treelo and Ojo in the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 232 Boys Will Be Boys Will Be Boys . '' The song focuses on all of the pastimes enjoyed by boys , even playing with girls .
starwars	Streev was an incredibly fast and strong combatant .
poke	Max wonders how come Lotad use Water Gun when they normally can not , with Nicole replying that Lotad here are different then other ones that can be encountered in the wild .
starwars	Leoz loses his temper and jumps on the table .
starwars	Mission to Metalorn ( Bail Organa )
starwars	Eventually , the Taungs led by a General nicknamed the Doom of Ulmarah successfully took Great Zhell , the Zhell capital , but with heavy losses , the Doom among them .
starwars	The break in movement allowed Arnjak and Quee to organize their readings and summarize their findings : Coruscant 's orbit had been altered , bringing it closer to its sun and causing an increase in temperature .
starwars	They dealt heavy damage to his tank , but he managed to penetrate their shields , overpowering and destroying them .
starwars	He stayed on the `` Ark Angel II '' at Fulan Ro and bet 0-0-0 that Aphra would make it back to the ship alive .
poke	Meowth goes to sleep in the `` snowy blanket “ , but James and Jessie wake him up .
muppet	Hi , Danny ! I noticed you had taken off the year links on this page . Did we decide that foreign LPs dont get the year link ? Let me know so I can make the other pages consistent . Thanks ! --
muppet	Im taking this off the article for now because Ive never been able to find any other article to confirm it
poke	Suddenly , it begins snowing , which makes the heroes surprised at this strange weather .
starwars	After apologizing for his lateness , Norra asked Brentin about his son 's whereabouts .
muppet	Hey , if you look at The Sesame Street Songbook , youll see that Brad changed my link to Simon
muppet	Sesame Street Twister is a Sesame Street game made by Basic Fun in 2009 . The game is a child-sized version of the classic Hasbro game of Twister , with Elmo , Cookie Monster , Big Bird and Abby Cadabby filling the colored dots on the game mat . The mat rolls up to fit into a carrying case with a handle , and the spinner is built into the carrying case .
starwars	Viraxo
poke	One day , Brock takes Swablu 's bandages and everyone is happy Swablu 's wing has recovered .
muppet	Duquenoy specializes in character voices , dubbing various roles on The Rabbids , Frog , Pig and Ant on Word World , Fabien Rousseau in the video game DiRT 3 , and parts in Star Star Wars The Old Republic .
muppet	Theres no official word from the performers or such that says Eric is doing it , but its completely clear by the voice . I cant think of a similar one to compare it too , maybe the Yoda Muppet ?
poke	May goes to bring her Pokémon , but her Poké Balls are sucked into the vacuum cleaner by James and Team Rocket wanders off with the Pokémon , while the hole gets closed by iron bars .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs talk ) 2220 , March 19 , 2009
starwars	When Sand People married , their banthas also mated , and , should its rider die , their bantha usually perished shortly after .
starwars	Landing aboard X1 's orbiting Star Destroyer , Grey Squadron sabotaged the ship before escaping in X-wings .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , hitting the Sharpedo , while May and Max came to the deck of the ship , at the cost of their damaged swimsuits .
muppet	What are you trying to add http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Minor_TV_Mentions ? curid=31374
starwars	Access to the library was maintained by a droid gatewatcher that grumpily asked each visitor a series of questions to verify their educational background and reasons for access .
muppet	Thank you ! That was easy . ) --
starwars	Native Sith culture included the Sith , the consumption of bloodsoup , a rigid and stratified caste-based society , live sentient sacrifices to the Sith deities and use of ancient and arcane alchemy and magic .
poke	May sends Bulbasaur , who uses Vine Whip to get the chest , but Team Rocket grabs it .
starwars	Around the same time , a group of individuals , assisted by Pinnix , the Knights gang , and undercover Sector Ranger Special Enforcement Officer Narra Mesyne , disrupted the operations of the Stend VI-based crimelord Kaylo NaKuda .
muppet	`` Legend of the Winter Berry '' is featured in the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 326 A Berry Bear Christmas A Berry Bear Christmas . ''
poke	They confront Exploud and rescue princess Kirlia , returning to the forest where they lived happily ever after .
muppet	Skai Jackson appears in a Muppet
poke	Brock also flirts with Rita , but Natalie is jealous , saying that she should have been given a compliment as well .
poke	As the heroes continue on , May , as the `` reporter '' , states they are protecting Camerupt , their precious cargo , as they move onwards .
poke	His parents would n't allow him to have one , so one night he snuck out to get it , but the carnival ended already .
starwars	Tarl was a male Human individual who is the son of Yander , a native miner of Ord Cestus , who once was the husband of Sheeka Tull .
starwars	Senator Bail Organa and Commander Jun Sato later dispatched the Spectres and Captain Rex to Geonosis to find Saw and investigate the apparent disappearance of the Geonosian species .
poke	Torkoal uses Flamethrower , but Steelix negates the attack with Dragon Breath and damages Torkoal .
starwars	Althu was eventually slain by an individual looking to claim the bounty .
muppet	The project has been under consideration since 2004 ; in Sesame Workshops presentations on their international projects , Northern Ireland was listed as a goal , with the intent of `` building Sesame model for respect and understanding curriculum across sectarian divides . ''
muppet	Quick question for you kiddo . Whats our stance on external links within an article ? I give you Peter Secher Schmidt as an example of whether external links within the article should be there . --
muppet	After finding that wikipedia has tired creating wikipedia of celebrity guest stars on Sesame a list of guest stars , I wondered why we had collected a listing of people who have been on this legendary show . If anyone should be collecting this data it should be us . So I started one .
poke	A man came by and begged to trade the Magikarp for his Charmeleon , so Jimmy did the trade .
poke	They use a mechanical a hand to get Lunatone , but another one goes to negate theirs .
muppet	I was trying to make an embedded youtube link . but nethermind , its better if i just do what i did Crasnex 1401 , 19 August 2009
starwars	He is anxious that the Resistance is down to one ship and asks what hope they have .
muppet	Raphael is the hothead of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , as seen in the 1990 Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the Ooze . He often clashes with his brothers , particularly Leonardo over his leadership skills , and as such acts impulsively , which at one point accidentally leads the Foot Clan directly to their lair .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Pantalones Talk ) 2031 , June 5 , 2010
starwars	Additionally , the others had not revealed the two as members of the group .
poke	Serena thanks him and Brock , the latter flirting with her , but Max pulls him by his arm .
muppet	She is always seen with her pet dog ,
muppet	Barnhart was the longest running member of the original Broadway cast of Avenue Q , portraying her original roles of Mrs. Thistletwat and all-purpose assistant , and understudying the roles of Kate Monster and Lucy T. Slut , for the shows entire six-year run . She briefly returned to her former roles in an Off-Broadway production of Avenue Q in 2013
starwars	`` The Hand of Thrawn '' datacard first appeared in `` Specter of the Past '' , a 1997 novel written by Timothy Zahn .
poke	All Treecko leave , except the one who fought Pikachu , so Team Rocket plans to catch the Treecko group .
starwars	An 8D smelter droid , LU-L-N acted as a reporter during Han Solo 's trial .
starwars	The picture of Princess Leia in the comic was shown to actually be a picture of Padmé Amidala , showing that Shysa had confused the two when he met Leia many years later .
muppet	From that clip , its hard to tell if `` Big Elmo Fun '' is planned as a series ... if theres a bunch of them and they all have the same opening , then it wouldnt count .
poke	Team Rocket battle the vines , making harder for the Bulbasaur to get the Poké Balls .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Muppets Take Manhattan Wedding Seating Chart page .
muppet	Should the title of this page be changed , since the books cover , spine , and title page all agree that its called `` Jim Hensons Tale of Sand '' with no definite article ? Or am I just being a nitpicky librarian ? Anthony 2136 , January 31 , 2012
starwars	Ithor/Legends
starwars	Prie 's Jedi Master
starwars	A rectenna sensor was mounted at the stern of the ship .
muppet	In another film , Rowlf writes to the head of his department , having devised a way to pep up their annual summer review of the company rules . At the end , it is shown Rowlf is writing the letter as a way of passing the time while locked in the meeting room .
starwars	Dureya
muppet	This is an image Im pretty sure I got from sesamestreet.org back in July 2009 judging from the timestamp . Are there still Sesame clips on iTunes ? I cant seem to find any . Scott message me )
poke	However , he still has a book , which records the details before the destruction .
muppet	1983 Appears in a public service announcement for National Wildlife Federation with Kermit the Kermit .
muppet	You are One of my heros today for finding A Chorus Line reference . That is just FANTASTIC ! !
poke	Combusken attacks with Fire Spin , but with Grumpig 's Psychic , the fire , taking the appearance of a dragon , gets redirected to Combusken .
poke	Just as they see Team Magma 's plane passing by , Meowth encourages to step up and track them down .
muppet	So for anybody else whod noticed the missing pictures lately -- theyre back , hooray ! This has seriously made my day . )
muppet	So it wasnt televised to the outside , we have more search options . Im trying to remember some of the links to educational and/or government document databases .
poke	Corphish goes away , being quite angry , though Ash wishes to know what 's up with it .
starwars	Trianii Shunt
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Jo Jive page .
poke	Max claims May can win this , which makes May thankful for such words and gets support from her Pokémon .
starwars	Vehicle Cards Included - Sebulba 's Podracer , Anakin 's Podracer
starwars	However , the other players start to see through his scheme , because Kenton , as the designer of the train , was supposed to ride to the end of the line and host a grand reception .
poke	Meowth develops a strategy to defeat Pikachu , by soaking it and electrocuting it .
muppet	The Spice Girls were a British all-girl pop group formed in 1994 . The group featured four women using stage names Mel Melanie Brown .
poke	The Bulbasaur have found a Nuzleaf and a Shroomish , asking for the Poké Balls , who show them the way .
poke	Drew and Grace are n't impressed , as Jessica has the spotlight , rather than her Pokémon .
starwars	Grace 's kindness extended even to Faal , whom she hardly knew , and she expressed to him her happiness when she saw that Runner had not harmed him .
starwars	However , they find out that Kentara , a Wookiee Rebel , has been sold into slavery and decide to rescue him .
muppet	The Guard puppet is a version of the Sam and Friends character Yorick dressed in a suit of armor . His helmet , built by Bob Payne , later became Super Super Grovers .
poke	May is impressed , but she points out Beautifly needs to have the attack last longer , to impress the judges and win the Contest .
muppet	Hey , Wendy , what do you think about translating foreign titles if theyre really different ? I just happened to find it really funny that The Ernie and Bert Book is `` The Hat of Bert '' in French . Should I translate it in the gray box , or under it ? What do you think ? --
starwars	In 0 BBY , after the Rebels acquired the plans of the Death Star superweapon , the `` Devastator '' chased the Alderaanian CR90 corvette `` Tantive IV '' , Imperial Senator Leia Organa 's consular ship , to the planet Tatooine .
muppet	Should `` Lady of Spain ''
poke	As they notice a pack of Zigzagoon , a boy comes , removing his Zigzagoon disguise .
muppet	It was fun . I spent over a month in Wilmington , North Carolina filming it . The best part about it was that most of the old gang was still together , like Jerry Nelson and Caroll Carroll sic Spinney and just the old Muppeteers . So getting to hang out and party with those guys was a blast .
muppet	Not to pee in Andrews Cheerios , re Agatha Christie , but isnt the reference being made to the character of Poirot in Muppets Tonight ? If were citing authors when they werent directly being referenced , then the Star Trek article could be Gene Roddenbury , no ? -- Scott , Scarecroe 1534 , 28 April 2006
muppet	Vriendjes voor Altijd De Leukste Liedjes uit Sesamstraat is a CD-and-booklet of Sesamstraat , the Dutch co-production of Sesame Street , produced by Rubinstein .
poke	Max apologizes for blowing the cover , but the president is certain that guy certainly does not belong in here .
poke	May is being caught as well , but Max cheers her up as Brock , Tommy and Ash are searching for them .
starwars	The Crelnut was a foodstuff part of the native Sullustan cuisine .
muppet	Please read Muppet Wiki and Guidelines for more information . Also , leave a reply so I know youve read this message and understand . Thanks !
muppet	In 1998 , Jim Hensons Creature Shop produced a series of 30 interstitials for Toyota that aired on ITV in the UK . The ads featured a pair of goldfish who act out famous scenes from various movies . The ads won a LEAF award in 1999 and were a winner at the Rushes SoHo Shorts Festival .
muppet	Hi . I reuploaded your images at a slightly smaller size . We never display images at greater than 300px , and while we sometimes upload larger images so the details are easier to see , I think that 2300px wide is a little excessive . Id guess thats the size your camera makes by default .... but if you could resize to something more like 400-500px before uploading that would be very helpful ) . --
starwars	At some point the Shroud , a notorious criminal mastermind , infiltrated the Alliance base and planted bombs throughout it , but was stopped by the bodyguard droid HK-55 before he could detonate them and cause any damage .
starwars	After a skirmish between the star destroyer and `` Tantive IV '' , the rebel ship 's reactor was damaged , and Darth Vader boarded the ship through the main hangar of his star destroyer after pulling in the damaged ship with a tractor beam .
starwars	Swamp serpents were brown , predatory serpents native to Marca .
poke	Drew wakes up and May shows them the Pokémon who saved them : a bunch of Wynaut .
muppet	`` She Loves You '' is a song originally performed by the Beatles . It was performed by the Bug Band on Episode 407 Dudley episode 407 of The Muppet Show .
starwars	They then went to investigate the Darshi bodies at the cantina , finding that more of their species had recovered their bodies already .
poke	Luvdisc has its speed reduced , so Corphish charges with Crabhammer and defeats Luvdisc .
poke	Ash and the others arrive in Slateport City , where May can compete in her first Contest .
muppet	Durring the first season , `` At the Dance '' would , with few exceptions , feature the same couples every week
starwars	The melted material that Skywalker jumped on top of ( too hot to stand on ) fell into a screaming Zan Arbor 's lap .
starwars	Tafasheel Arkan
starwars	Under Jao 's management , the Ithori communications array project progressed ahead of schedule .
starwars	On March 20 , 2019 , the was officially completed .
starwars	Soon thereafter , during the on Coruscant , heavy gunners were deployed into the Jedi Temple to bring down the ancient statues and pillars that supported the vaulted ceilings .
muppet	What about Lord Chatterly from Alphabet Chats ? He smoked a pipe . -- User 2034 , May 29 , 2007
poke	They spot some rolling , so Wobbuffet comes to use Counter , but is blasted off and the Donphan roll over Team Rocket .
muppet	The running boy is from Living With Dinosaurs - so is the shot of him in the `` cave '' with Dog the Dinosaur which Tygerbug
poke	This confuses Max , who is certain he was angry a moment ago and spots the Pokémon , Shuppet .
muppet	What do you think about that idea ? --
starwars	Kal ( bodyguard )
muppet	Hal Bertram is a computer technician and designer who helped pioneer the use of CGI characters and avanced computer controls at Jim Hensons Creature Shop . As stated in his former bio on the Creature Shop website , Bertram `` was responsible for setting up The Shops Digital Visual Effects department in the nascent days of Computer animation , with a particular emphasis on applying the companys performance skills to computer animation . ''
starwars	Princess Leia Organa was scheduled to meet with him and his political cabinet , however the meeting was initially delayed due to the threat of an attack on the Alliance Fleet which forced it to scatter .
muppet	The Best of Bert , The Best of the Count , David , Daydreamin on a Rainy David Daydreamin on a Rainy Day , Fair Is Fair Fair Is Fair , The Gangs All Here ! , My Name is Roosevelt Franklin , Pete Seeger
muppet	Nice ! --
poke	0 ( sometimes called Zero ) is a glitch Pokémon found in Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 .
starwars	However , nothing was ever conclusively proven .
poke	May thinks if she were to give Beautifly the Pokéblock , she might even win the Contest .
starwars	Unfortunately , with the rise of the Empire , businesses came under closer scrutiny and the Minos-Mestra Co. suffered .
poke	Ash , May and Brock eventually find a woman and are surprised to see the Cradily Max spoke about .
muppet	According to his page , Jacques Roach was voiced in Muppet Treasure Island by Steve Whitmire and Jerry Nelson . However , I think Barretta may have done him too . I dont know for certain , but when hes fighting with Gonzo , he sounds almost exactly like Pepe the Prawn . Would someone listen and let me know ? http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=UKepz2Q6o9g
poke	Romeo is too stressed , but May points out all that stress would be gone if he admits his love .
muppet	Botmsvol2 title The Very Best of the Muppet Show Volume 2 DVD compilation
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket are standing by ready to snatch one of Flannery ’ s Pokémon , a Torkoal that they can give to their boss .
starwars	It granted its abuser a sense of invincibility .
muppet	Does anyone know if there are classifications for Whatnots like the ones for Anything Muppets ? Im talking about a parallel to the names Fat Blue , Tall Orange , Pantalones 2038 , 9 February 2006
muppet	So far , as Ive noticed , hes only appeared from seasons 35 to 37 , three episodes total . The way the article is worded , I think it makes him sound as if hes still making appearances , though he most recent was three years ago . Should I reword it ? -- -- User and Bert Jesse
starwars	The clone was aware of Jade 's imminent attack but decided to take a gamble and finish off Skywalker first .
muppet	According to User talk , the recent quote added to this page was recalled from memory and therefore does not belong in quotes . However , the information may be verifiable in other ways . — Scott
muppet	Sesame Streets 40th Birthday Party was an event to celebrate Sesame Street ’ s Sesame Street 40th 40th Anniversary . The event , hosted by the Smithsonian Smithsonians Discovery Theater , began at 100 PM on Sunday , November 15 , 2009 at George Washington Universitys Lisner Auditorium in Washington , D.C .
muppet	Some of the more memorable guest star moments include the following Rita Rita Morenos performance of `` Fever '' , backed by Animal on drums ; Rudolf Nureyev dancing with a Ballerina pig ballerina ; Harry Belafonte singing `` Turn the World Around '' ; Alice Cooper singing `` Schools Out '' with the monsters ; John Cleese being forced into a closing number ; Gene Kelly giving Kermit a dance lesson ; and Raquel Welch performing a song-and-dance number with a giant spider . In addition to showcasing the guests familiar skills or `` shticks , '' stars occasionally performed against type , such as Nureyev tap dancing to `` Top Hat , White Tie and Tails '' or screen tough guy James Coburn focusing on zen meditation and calmness .
poke	Team Rocket claims nobody likes anyone that does n't want to quit , so May replies that 's why everyone hates Team Rocket , which makes them depressed .
poke	Archie laughs , stating they have Kyogre as well and promises this is the day Team Magma falls and Team Aqua rises .
poke	However , Marshtomp does not stop using Water Gun , managing to thwart Treecko 's attack .
muppet	Well , I can see why someone might want to delete those parts of those pages but we should find out who are voicing the characters . I know that they are all in the vein of `` one-off '' characters who may never be seen again but we should find out as much about them as possible before the official sources forget . After all , they are now a part of Muppet lore whether they are bit players or major players . Sbartok 1936 , 4 February 2006 -
poke	A man appeared before him , named Sheridan , a teacher for school in which they train squads , who practice cheering .
muppet	Thanks , and please respond here before adding those claims again unless you have a source or do so in the format suggested .
poke	Elsewhere , Ash and Brock wait for the friend to come , so Birch whistles a tune , causing a Poochyena to appear .
starwars	The alarms went off but the mercenaries did not flee as it would anger the rebels more .
poke	Team Rocket spies on them and they plan to steal the Grass Pokémon and give them to the boss .
starwars	Synred Vols
starwars	Villain .
poke	Seviper makes another attack , but Volbeat use Signal Beam , blasting Team Rocket away .
poke	However , Tommy intentionally loses balance and stomps on Poliwag 's tail , causing it to use Water Gun .
muppet	I hate to keep saying it , but wow ! Did you notice the little record logo on that one ?
muppet	Is it just me , or is this piece of the article overly OCD and pointless ? It doesnt serve much of a purpose , in my opinion . Scooter 0210 , 1 October 2006
starwars	Kenobi , one of the last members of the Council , held a lifelong view that blasters were unreliable and uncivilized compared to the Jedi lightsaber .
poke	May , Max and Brock come to Ash and are told Rocky had the best loss he ever experienced and grins .
poke	Jessie sees Lombre and Solrock at the spring , so Meowth thinks if they were to capture them , their boss would use Lombre as a sink and Solrock to dry the water from boss 's face .
starwars	As a result , a mass Wookiee uprising broke out on Kashyyyk and the Imperial garrison was quickly overrun .
starwars	Lumbra was a male Gotal who worked for the Ishi Tib Haka Hai before betraying him .
muppet	The reason that we got confused is because Jim Henson wrote the wrong name down in his Red Book . ) For https//www.henson.com/jimsredbook/2011/09/9151988/ Sept 15 , 1988 , Henson wrote `` Art of the Muppets opens at the Museum of the Moving Image in London '' . That was actually the international tour , but Henson had been calling the exhibit `` Art of the Muppets '' for 8 years by that point , and its an easy mistake to make . So Karen Falk wrote in the Jims Red Book blog and Imagination Illustrated that Art of the Muppets closed in London in 1988 , when that was actually the second stop of Muppets Monsters
poke	Dustox uses Poison Sting , but misses Grovyle , who counterattacks with Leaf Blade , which damages Dustox .
muppet	You might want to look at President of the United States , which * does * have such a list , for both fictional and historical portrayals , as long as its in their capacity * as * Presidents or real people . In some cases for `` alternate universe '' type cartoons or shows , its not really playing the actual person . The Lincoln Memorial in Night of the Museum is similarly iffy , and we have a connections list on the movies page already . Otherwise though , most of what you want to add would fit right in there . Thanks !
muppet	So that leaves two . One may have been the little black puppy featured in the books , though Im not positive , and for the life of me I cant remember who the other was . I want to say Prairie Dawn , but I just cant picture her . It could have been anybody , really . Any ideas ? Am I right on the little black puppy ? - Thanks -- TheDreamlandTree
poke	Meg uses Flamethrower , burning Corphish , who does not wake up , so Ash calls it back .
muppet	Jabrik is a baby rhinoceros on Jalan Sesama that is always complaining and laughing .
muppet	Hi Nick -- Im glad youre working on the Sesame episodes ; thats cool . Just an FYI When you create a new episode page , were alphabetizing them with a blank space in front of the episode number , like this
poke	Ash goes to give advice to May , but she feels insulted and walks away , which upsets Bulbasaur .
starwars	The poison rapidly eliminated any beings unfortunate enough to be hit by the darts .
muppet	No , it just means that the segment was somehow added to an episode , and included twice on the set . The review mentiosn the only edits being the original closing ITC logos . -- User Minor muppetz 1440 , 27 July 2007
poke	The heroes are surprised , but Juan explains the appeal of the Contest is to stay close to danger of making a mistake .
muppet	Wow . Ten years of golden book and tapes . No wonder stuff got reissued in new packaging ! I found an unopened set of Big Bird Meets the Orchestra which surprised me -- that series seems much less common . And yes . The whole thing is very confusing . We need to find some way to document it here properly . The discography is great for showing the scope of the book
starwars	The two were well-matched in martial combat but the Nightsister ultimately overcame her opponent after brutally beating him to the ground .
poke	May sends her Torchic and Wurple , Ash his Taillow and Treecko and Brock his Forretress and Lotad as well , to have some fun .
muppet	One version was performed by Kermit the Frog and a group of Anything Muppets , made up of five different patterns Fat Blue , Lavender , Pumpkin , Purple , and Little Anything Reddish Magenta . The creatures of the savanna , including numerous frogs and birds , sing along as well . Kermit recites a short story in which each word begins with a consecutive letter of the alphabet as they are sung .
muppet	An election special , intended to coincide with the 2008 President of the United Presidental election was written by Andrew Samson , Scott Ganz , and Hugh Fink for The Walt Disney Company # The Muppets The Muppets Studio . The writing trio revealed the title and discussed the project , the inital pitch and its unfortunate fate in the 89th episode of The MuppetCast .
poke	May admits she and Max never got to watch the Gym fights , as Norman believed it may distract the challengers .
starwars	Even considering its age , the `` Nebula '' -class still represented the peak of modern , efficient Star Destroyer design during the Yuuzhan Vong War .
muppet	This page is set up for people to vote on whether the characters from Dinosaurs should be classified as Muppets or Creatures on this wiki . This is coming out of the discussion on the Special and Muppets vs Creatures pages .
muppet	Rivers later guest starred on Shalom Sesame , as herself in `` Show 9 Aleph-Bet Aleph-Bet Telethon '' and as the voice of a clay animated microphone in `` Show 6 Chanukah . '' She also appeared on Sesame Street in Season 17 season 17 .
poke	Since the attack was not powerful enough to stop Pin Missile , Ash 's Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip to negate the attack .
starwars	Duare suggested to him that he arrest someone who had been able to elude conviction in another crime and thereby give Vollete 's death meaning .
poke	Arriving to the battlefield , Ash shouts he wants to challenge `` the strongest Pokémon '' and a trainer and his Pokémon come out of the building .
starwars	Idi-Shael watched Druur fight the Sith 's Massassi security , until Druur told him to seal `` Junker '' .
starwars	The Exchange was exploiting the refugees to lure any remaining Jedi into their hands .
starwars	Following Yoda 's advice , Obi-Wan visits Padmé and tells her that Anakin has turned to the dark side and killed the younglings in the Jedi Temple .
muppet	Could MuppetWiki delete this image please ? . I uploaded on here by accident . Thanks - ) --
poke	Tabitha and Team Magma send Mightyena to use Shadow Ball , countering the attacks .
muppet	In his book Before You Leap , Kermit has a section about his mother , stating she had a business career as a talent booker for the area theatre , The Bayou Bijou . Her office was littered with Playbills and flypaper . While working there she discovered acts like Lilly Ponds , The Lipizzaner Horseflies , and Moe Green and His Vegas Cuties . She also booked celebrities like Elton John and Garth Brooks .
muppet	I started this page because I realized that we dont really know much about these cartoons ... I know theyre called `` Poverty Q '' , etc , but I dont know why theyre called that . It probably says something about it in Street Gang , but thats at home so I cant look at it right now . )
poke	Savannah is shocked , but sees they at least tried and thanks Lairon for giving its best .
starwars	Mass-nulling clip
poke	With Brock , Ash and May having arrived , Ash 's Pikachu attacks the Zigzagoon with Thunderbolt .
muppet	Short insert Camera zooms left to a building that says 321 with a trashcan nearby and at the far end is Big Bird smoking a cigarette . Big Bird notices the camera and remarks in his typical friendly voice , `` Oh , hi ! '' until hes bothered by an itch on his bottom .
starwars	Katarn and Ors hoped that Jerec 's troops would not miss a chance to receive additional ordnance and would permit the transport to reach Ruusan without the recognition codes .
poke	James and Meowth notice the twerps and Meowth plans to take Whismur , for their boss will know what time it is when Whismur makes sounds .
starwars	`` Crosscurrent '' established that the nine clones were originally designated Subjects A through I , but `` Riptide '' did not reveal which letter corresponded to Soldier .
starwars	A year later , the bounty hunter Boba Fett sped across the Ryndellian to deliver a carbonite–entombed Han Solo to Tatooine after outwitting a team of hunters in the Vergesso Asteroids .
starwars	Mona Gale
starwars	The starboard wing possessed a crew transportation causeway with an integrated tram system .
starwars	Severed Tract
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0217 , January 25 , 2011
poke	The heroes ask for bed for the night and to rest their Pokémon , but Nurse Joy declines in a strange tone .
starwars	Nyasko system
poke	The name effectively defines three entries for a level 182 Kabutops Fossil MISSINGNO .
poke	Ash admits Pokémon are supposed to be inside their Poké Balls , but Pikachu likes to be outside .
poke	Max wants to train Poochyena and see it evolving , feeling its time will come soon .
poke	Cacturne stops using Bullet Seed , revealing to have made an image of a skull and crossbones .
muppet	Hi Danny , could you please check if theres a better category for song/dialog translator Harrie Geelen ? International Production Crew was the best I could find . User Caudex Rax 1137 , June 3 , 2010
poke	Vivi feels the same and promises regardless of who wins , they will still be friends .
muppet	Hi there ! As far as I know , Sesame Street Home Video Visits the Firehouse has a copyright date of 1990 ... Do you know something else that would confirm a release date of 1991 ? Let me know ; thanks ! --
poke	When they arrive to the boat , Max heard the boat is n't heading for Mossdeep City , but for Bomba Island .
muppet	In the case of Antonio , the segment with him talking to Papa Bear has been used in other episodes . Do we only list the first appearance of a segment , or all appearances ? -- Zanimum 1523 , 26 July 2006
muppet	Balconism — HACK-tors Cut-rate actors who replace big stars in cheap sequels to their hit movies .
muppet	Hi , whats your source on Episode 4262 ? I cant find any info about the plot of the episode ; not even on http//www.ket.org/tvschedules/series.episode.list.php ? id=SESA KET.org . If its just an assumption , than the page will probably be deleted until further notice . But for now , please dont create any more episode pages for Season 42 unless you have info from an official source . Thanks . --
muppet	Part 2 Our Pumpkin friend is once again blank . Gordon puts on him some eyes , then a nose , then some ears , and announces that there will be music soon .
starwars	The probe identified the base , which led to the Empire forcing the rebels off the world .
starwars	Myo loved the deserts of his homeworld , so he was angered when a small time slaver named Malak captured him and took him off-world .
poke	Max admits he feels the same , since May always remind him he is the younger one , which does n't make him less smart than her .
muppet	Ive trimmed a lot of non-essential text and grammatical errors , but the page still needs work copy editing , link sanity , and use of the proper transcript format . The Cookie Monster bit could probably be summed up in two or three sentences , instead of the long transcript . Some images wouldnt hurt either .
starwars	They had yellow skin and brown hair .
muppet	Hey , great work on Elmos World Wild Animals . A lot of those episodes are barebones or missing because we hadnt figured out a format yet , but youve given us a great start in that regard .
muppet	Hi , Jogchem ! My names Ken , and I dont think Ive talked to you before . Im usually messsing with the US records , but now Im branching out into the international stuff . Lately Ive been interested in cross-referencing songs that are translations of US material , and Ive been trying to add links to translated songs . But sometimes I cant tell if the translated titles on the album pages are accurate or not . And sometimes , songs might have a similar title , but theyre not the same song . So I was wondering , whenever you get a chance , can you look through the Sesamstraat section ? I know its a big list , but anything you can help with would be appreciated ! Thanks ! --
muppet	Simon began his animation career as a background artist/designer at Paramount , as the studio phased outs its cartoon division in 1967 . Following work on the Ralph Bakshi Spider-Man series , Simon decided to work on his own . He recalled in a 1975 issue of Millimeter how he broke in at Sesame Street , after being told he needed his own company `` So I borrowed $ 250 , hired a lawyer to set up a company , did a couple of story boards on my own but sticking with the Sesame Street vein of thinking , and marched back up there . And right off the bat , they bought four of the five boards that I had brought up. ” Simons company name was Wantu Animation , and he went on to do segments for The Electric Company .
starwars	Unique in construction , it was usable only by Surik .
poke	Ash gives Jenny a part of a net they found in the forest , so they go to the site .
poke	Next , they encounter Electrode , so Spoink ( seeing it is round ) puts on its head , but Electrode uses Explosion .
poke	While waiting to eat lunch in the woods , a Linoone comes by and steals two of May ’ s Poké Balls .
muppet	Heya ! While researching Timothy Near , I found some TV listings for episodes I dont think we have pages for and dont appear to have been in your
starwars	Pollaran tried to frame the newcomer as the agent of the Voidwolf , but was revealed as an Imperial himself instead when Gixsa pointed out that nobody knew the man calling himself a true Corellian .
muppet	But theres no through-line for Sid the Science Kid . Kermit doesnt know those people , and he doesnt know anybody who knows those people . --
muppet	Part 2 Telly has found a hiding spot under the stairs , but is nervous that the Count cant find him , after all it cant take that long to count . He returns to the Count and notice he is still counting and at that moment he finishes and finds Telly . They then switch roles , but just when Telly starts counting the Count praises Telly for the good counting and stays to listen .
starwars	Shots of the `` Millennium Falcon '' passing by the tower also showed it as a bigger structure compared with the `` Avenger '' tower , which the `` Falcon '' perched on in the .
muppet	Background Muppets Deer , Shark , Penguins , Afghan Hound , Baskerville , Dogs , Goldfsih
muppet	Well , Ive been thinking about it , and played with the wording , and Im more comfortable with renaming the page `` Orange Gold , '' which still seems accurate , than the precise but abstract `` Pantone 123 '' . How do you feel about it ? -- Andrew , Aleal 2342 , 31 March 2006
starwars	He was devoted to his superiors , but when the Confederacy of Independent Systems invaded the planet , he along with Rejia and the defenders were killed .
starwars	Alva Brenne was a human female who served as a colonel and Chief Imperial Architect for the Galactic Empire .
muppet	Is it possible to ad the opening for the Sesamstraat Exhibitian on March 2th ? Schuif Gezellig Aan Greetings Paul 2156 , February 16 , 2010
muppet	Hello Danny , I was just scrolling through this wiki and was shocked when I saw how many edits you have . Also , you should remove the `` Loves You '' part of the logo , as Valentines Day was nearly a month ago . User . Mr . Grille User talk .
muppet	I did some research on the Teen Titans reference , and found a second image . On its own , I wouldnt consider it a reference , but the context is that the character is a `` puppet-like '' stage manager
poke	The citizens explain a bunch of workers are trying to tear down the place , but the workers claim the mansion is haunted .
poke	Max asks how is he able to communicate with Zigzagoon so well , and is told people try their best to show their feelings and get Pokémon to understand them .
poke	Team Rocket made it out in time , but Meowth has some second thoughts about tricking Sableye .
starwars	Sarkin was able to finally show her squadmates the set of skills that set her apart from the other pilots .
starwars	An unknown pilot took the position during the Second Battle of Bilbringi .
poke	Julie lets them to do so and as Max brushes the Numel , Brock gives some food to them .
muppet	Theres now a full 26-episode , 12-minute long program with the same title . Do we just have one page with two sections , or two pages for two projects ? -- Zanimum
poke	Brock , May and Max comment on the battlefield , since Tate and Liza know the interior quite well to use it against Ash .
muppet	For the Jim Henson Company , he created movie posters for The Muppet Movie , The Great Muppet Caper , The Muppet Christmas Carol , and Muppet Treasure Island . He also illustrated the Muppet Show Colorforms Muppet Show Colorforms , a set of Great Muppet Caper Posters Great Muppet Caper posters for McDonalds , and The Great Muppet Caper Great Muppet Caper puzzles . He keeps a Kermit the Frog photo puppet replica in his studio .
starwars	The hunters ' mission was successful , and Bane and his team escaped with Ziro .
poke	Soon , they hear Shelly telling the troops to go to the temple , as a giant wave is approaching .
starwars	During his duels with Ventress and his escape from Hondo 's pirates , he displayed great skill at using telekinesis in finer , more precise tasks , such as disarming Ventress while also levitating her against a wall during her failed attempt to kill him with Savage Oppress .
starwars	After the Commander resolved the confrontation with her , Marr and Satele announced that they were leaving Odessen , having experienced a call from the Force , and the Commander returned to Alliance base .
starwars	After Echuu Shen-Jon killed Sev'rance Tann on Krant , Count Dooku , alias Darth Tyranus , went in search of a new acolyte to serve as a commander in the Confederacy of Independent Systems .
starwars	However , the Immobilizer 418 's gravity well projector malfunctioned and yanked several civilian ships out of hyperspace , including the luxury MC80 Star Cruiser `` Stellar Vista '' , the smuggling vessel `` Truant '' , and the `` Reticent '' .
starwars	Briqualon became an important figure in Towani 's life , and she chose to travel with him for many years after leaving Endor .
poke	Per May 's desire , Samantha decides to demonstrate , thinking Mawile may impress Lombre .
starwars	The conference was briefly disrupted when a bounty hunter , Aurra Sing , attempted to assassinate Amidala on behalf of the imprisoned crime lord Ziro the Hutt , but the conference continued onward when Amidala was saved by Padawan Ahsoka Tano .
muppet	Hi , Rani -- Its nice to see you here again ! --
muppet	In a survey done in Washington , D.C. during the Sam and Friends run , Yorick was voted the most popular character on the show . The Evening Star reported `` The contest to decide the most popular muppet in which 6,000 votes were cast by mail moved Sam ( Sam and Sam into second place behind Yorick . Mushmellon came in third , followed closely by Kermit the Kermit . ''
muppet	The Number of the Day Count von The Count counts and sings up to 14 , accompanied by the Countess and their band of musicians .
starwars	Once safely aboard the freighter , Syndulla assured Wren that she trusted her and promised she would eventually understand the cause they were fighting for , and Wren to try and trust her .
poke	May catches something , but it is really heavy , so everyone helps her catch it .
poke	The screen displays the next contestants : among them are Josephina ( aka Jessie ) , Kelly and even May .
poke	Team Rocket captures Pikachu , but Solrock uses Fire Spin , which knocks Team Rocket down and frees Pikachu .
muppet	The sketch concludes with the Sesame Street sign in a blue background , with a letter P , as Grover signs off “ Sesame Street is brought to you by the letter P , for Plastic Surgery . It ’ s never too early , kids ! ”
muppet	Hi , Scott ! Hope you and your offspring are enjoying the holidays ! When you get a chance , Id appreciate it if you could weigh in on Category talk Muppets Characters . Mostly , its because User the Lizard has been adding the tag in odd ways
muppet	In 2015 , Spinney ceased puppeteering Big Bird and Oscar due to physical setbacks
starwars	Skadge is voiced by Neil Kaplan in the game .
poke	While Pikachu evades Sealeo 's Aurora Beam , Snorunt gets defeated by Seaking 's Hyper Beam .
muppet	I like to look at some behind the scenes pictures . And I do not know where I can find it here at the Muppet Wiki . Can you please help me ? Help me to create a page with all the behind the scenes picktures . Please ? ? Then it is easier for me to find them , all images in one place ! Do you know what I mean ? Help me please ! Please ! ? ! ? -- MuppetsFan123
poke	The latter froze the berries , so Max wraps them and puts them on Ralts ' head .
muppet	File Thought of the Week ft. Kermit the Frog
muppet	Kirchberger began her career as a child , dubbing the character Carrie Ingalls on Little House on the Prairie for Sat . 1 airings in 1989 . She also dubbed Tatyana Ali in The Clown at Midnight , Dorothy on The Wizard of Oz anime , and Felicity Jones in The Tempest . Video games include Star Star Wars The Old Republic .
muppet	Is it worth noting that this sketch , along with others classics
starwars	Sith Eternal military
muppet	Chansons de 1 , Rue Sésame Ouvre Toi Rue Sésame was the very first album of Sesame Street songs translated into French , although it was released on a set of two extended play 45 RPM records , instead of one 12 '' LP . It was produced at the time that Bonjour Sesame Bonjour Sesame , a dubbed version of Sesame Street , was broadcast in France .
poke	The heroes visit the field , amazing them Natasha has a very large field , which takes a lot of responsibility .
starwars	Alliance masternav
muppet	Anyone else see something wrong with the talk template ? It says `` Error Missing wrapper '' , on my system . -- Zanimum 0032 , November 17 , 2011
poke	May is relieved , but Brock knows May will have to concentrate , since her opponents are quite powerful .
poke	Jynx uses Lovely Kiss , so Meowth dodges and goes to use Double Team , but falls down .
poke	The heroes arrive inside the building , where Brock is amazed by the girls inside .
starwars	After years of toil , Sagwa was freed by Chewbacca and participated in a break-out , escaping alongside Tak and other slaves .
muppet	Hope you guys dont mind , but I decided to go ahead and merge . I used both of your suggestions , including noting in the article that the soundtrack is for a different version of the show . --
muppet	Happy Hanukkah ! I cant believe Ive been here almost 3 years , and Ive never noticed something before We dont have any category or pages for Sesamstrasse Video titles ! Either that , or I cant find it . The reason I was asking is because I saw Julian working on a German-only Ernie and Bert Christmas special , and I thought it would be cool to see if I could find a copy , but theres no area for German videos . So can I start a rough list for now
muppet	But we dont create pages based on episodes we wish existed or because we assume there will be a fifth season with that title some day . Theres no source for any of the other episodes you added It looks like you just made up titles , so thats basically fanfic . Were an encyclopedia , so we can only deal in facts . Muppet fansites or forums , like Muppet Central , sometimes have sections for fan fiction , so you can try there .
poke	Ash hugs his Pokémon for the victory , although absorbs part of Swellow 's electricity .
starwars	Located at the Imperial Palace , the Emperor 's Awards Auditorium was constructed following the rise of the Galactic Empire .
starwars	By doing this , he discouraged the people who frequented the station in betraying them to Isard .
starwars	Grape/Legends
poke	May challenges Ash to battle , wanting Skitty to taste a real battle , so it would n't run off too much .
poke	These are both cut in the English Dub , which limits the flashbacks to only previous Advanced Challenge episodes excluding Balance Of Power .
poke	The next day , the Contest is about to begin , as the announcer introduces the judges .
muppet	The Muppets Valentine Show was released on DVD in 2007 , as an extra feature on the The Muppet Show Season Muppet Show Season Two box set . On the box and on the DVD menus , it is refered to as The Muppets Valentine Special .
poke	Team Rocket is glad that the plan to capture Pikachu is better than they anticipated .
poke	The heroes are running , since May is getting late for signing up for her first Pokémon Contest .
starwars	And although he and the Alliance had previously survived one of the most destructive conflicts the galaxy had ever seen , new threats arose , seeking to tear apart Omas 's government .
poke	Cacnea agrees and James hugs Cacnea , only to wail in pain , due to its needles .
muppet	Does anyone know if the full opening with the Babies introducing themselves was used after season one ? I edited the wiki , because it previously said the opening change was made when Little Muppet Monsters was cancelled during the sixth season , which is incorrect . However , I dont remember if they ever went back to the original theme while it was on CBS . Anyone know ? -- User 0927 , July 6 , 2010
starwars	Camp Shadow
poke	Ash tries to return Wattson the Dynamo Badge , as Pikachu was overcharged when it fought in the Gym Battle .
poke	Pikachu starts with Quick Attack , but no damage is dealt due to Dusclops being a -type Pokémon .
muppet	Sesame Workshop released a video promoting voting for the winners Amy Poehler , Kara DioGuardi , Ellen Pompeo , Colin Farrell , Rebecca Romijn , Jason Bateman , Sherri Shepherd , and Natalie Morales .
poke	Kirlia ( Meowth in disguise ) steps wrong , so Ash scans it using the Pokédex , revealing to be Meowth , who is quite offended at the entry after hearing the Pokédex say that it sleeps most of the day .
muppet	Gabi doesn ’ t know how to do these things exactly , but she does introduce them to a new granola bar snack , a new bear song , and different fun games . They end up having a great time with Gabi ! Even though Baby Bear seems to have been the nervous one the whole time , in the end he realizes that it is important to open up your mind to new experiences and that things can be different and still be fun ! http//www.sesamestreet.org/onair/episodes ? p_p_id=EPISODE
poke	While Brock , May , Max , even Team Rocket exercise , Ash has a Double Battle with the coach , Rocky , who shows how much his Pokémon can be in sync .
starwars	She made use of her new talent during the Battle of Kemplex IX , agitating all ten stars of the Cron Cluster into a stellar explosion .
poke	Mightyena is hit and sent onto Tabitha , causing him to drop the suitcase with the black stone ; Marius catches it and hands it over to Captain Stern .
starwars	The splinter government 's first action was an attack above Coruscant against Palpatine 's personal Star Destroyer , the `` Majestic '' .
muppet	Jonathan P. Rende , credited as JP Rende , is a composer who was been writing various Sesame Street songs since Season 40 season 40 , including a special song performed by Elmo in a 2010 appearance on The Wendy Williams Show
poke	The clock is ticking , so Houndoom uses Flamethrower at full power and Skitty does the same with Blizzard .
muppet	Manzano and Sotomayor continued to work together on several outreach programs including work with the Bronx Childrens Museum ,
muppet	Im not around much right now , but I see that the active talk pages category has swelled to 64 pages , and 10 category questions . Frankly , that seems a bit much . Some have been answered and the boxes removed , some are unanswerable
muppet	We dont do much of that here , but this box is our one example . This is on about 25 pages right now , and I think its likely that nobodys touched those pages much since the box went up . What do you guys think about taking them down ? Does this box actually help us focus on areas that need attention , or do the boxes just stay up eternally ? --
starwars	He liked to talk to strangers and knew quite a bit about the local affairs of Iritsa .
starwars	Solo was allowed to leave shortly before the invasion of the space station , but Bossk had to stay .
muppet	Anyway , it certainly backs up Guillermos research on The Muppet Show . Given how infrequently Fozzie has apparently said it , Im in favor of a complete list of every utterance of the phrase for Sandbox Wocka to go along with each time its been officially written out .
poke	Later on , the heroes leave the mansion , waving goodbye to Alex and Shroomish .
starwars	Following the signal from Tup 's communicator , they sneak their way to the ring station 's main hangar just as Tup is brought aboard a shuttle , but find it too heavily guarded to fight their way to the ship .
poke	However , Jessie looks at one and asks them to repeat all over , since she ca n't sell underquality products for a high price .
starwars	In 3643 BBY a Bounty Hunter participating in the Great Hunt confronted the Devaronian Tyresius Lokai in the docking bay .
muppet	Anyway , I wish I could see the table clearly enough to make out the puppeteer initials , but thats a great find . We do have Fandom and do cover select fan art pieces but definitely try not to become a repository of that , and more .
poke	Ash sends Corphish , who cuts the ropes , but Jessie sends Seviper and James his Cacnea .
starwars	He added modified human-generated squeaks and sounds into the electronic mix , and the final product ended up being roughly fifty percent synthesizer and fifty percent Burtt doing baby talk .
starwars	This description is more fitting of its moon , Selcaron .
poke	Bart and Millie give them a quick tour of the institute , showing the satellite dish that changes the weather .
poke	Pelipper is caught , revealing Magby and Magnemite hiding in its mouth as well .
poke	Max tells Corphish to block the attacks , but Corphish rushes in and attacks Marill , defeating it .
poke	After a while , Team Rocket attacks May to catch the Wurmple that she saw when a boy named Franklin , who is a ranger , helps her .
starwars	Tra'cors could also move on land , but remaining out of water for more than 24 hours would result in severe dehydration .
poke	Suddenly , Team Rocket appears and take Ivysaur , Charmeleon and Wartortle and place them inside Poké Ball casings on the robot .
muppet	Ruler Of The World is a song that Yertle the Turtle sings while flying though the air in The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 103 The Kings The Kings Beard . ''
muppet	Sir David Tushingham is a pompous , British-accented latter-day paleontologist who appeared twice on Dinosaurs , hosting clip show episodes . In `` Episode 216 The Clip The Clip Show , '' Sir David offers the viewers a tour of an archeological dig while discussing different aspects of dinosaur culture . According to the documentary-style titles , Tushingham received his Ph.D. from Oxford Community College .
poke	Brock , May and Max go to support Ash , but Rocky tells them no fans are allowed and must be fought one-on-one .
poke	The berries are about to fall down , but the Pokémon beside her uses Psychic and places the berries back in the bag , which levitates to the ground .
poke	Jessie announces that Hansen became the king , showing Togepi near him , then announces Hansen will attend the ceremony quite soon at the temple .
starwars	Slip-jaws was a maneuver used by starfighter pilots .
starwars	Despite the heavy losses at the Western Shield , High Lord Korsin Bentado and several of his followers survived the destruction of the Ebon Fleet .
starwars	There , her traveling companion Jar Jar Binks told her how his people , the Gungans , had an army of their own that they could use to fight off the invaders .
starwars	In reality , sector army deployments were rarely so neat , and typically one corps in each army remained intact , but the others were divided into hundreds of small , fast-moving raiding companies .
muppet	Fosters other Broadway credits include roles in Grease , The Drowsy Chaperone , Mel Mel Brooks Young Frankenstein , Les Misérables and Shrek the Musical . On television she has appeared on Projects with Muppet crew Johnny and the Sprites , Flight of the Conchords and Law
poke	Ash : `` Talk about nerve , standing around gazing at yourself while your friends are all waiting . ''
poke	Pikachu is hurt by Ariados ' String Shot , while Treecko uses Pound on Ariados , defeating it , so Ash wins the battle .
muppet	Groban recorded a song , `` Hey Friend , '' for the Season 48 48th season of Sesame Street . The song was taped on March 2 , 2017 .
starwars	The main Mandalorian fleet , commanded by Mandalore himself , began a major push towards the Republic security cordon around Taris .
poke	In Oldale Town , May visits her first Pokémon Center and is amazed with all of its services , and by the ancient ruins next door .
muppet	Hey , Danny , since you have Favorite Songs from Jim Hensons Muppets , can you kind of take a look at it ? There are two different labels listed , one on the main discography , and in the box , and we also need the catalog number . Oh , can you check the order too ? Thanks ! --
poke	Suddenly , May comes out of the cabin , wearing her swimsuit she bought in Rustboro City .
poke	He remembers working hard , but he discarded all that when he joined Team Rocket , until now , when he sees his master , the first Champion of the PokéRinger Contest .
starwars	A hooded figure—in reality , the Gungan Abso Bar Binks , son of former Imperial Senator Jar Jar Binks , personally tasked with stalling Vader—tossed two small boomas into the `` Devastator '' from inside the `` Tantive V '' breached hatch , creating an explosion and an effective smoke screen among the stormtroopers .
muppet	IF YOU SAY ONE MORE WORD -- I SWEAR TO GOD ONE ! MORE ! WORD ! -- ABOUT HENSON PROJECTS POST-2004 , I WILL BAN YOU FROM THIS WIKI PERMANENTLY AND I WILL FORGET THAT YOU EVER EXISTED .
starwars	Skirata and Vau would often disagree about training techniques -- following Vau 's brutal spar with Atin , Skirata nearly killed Vau despite not knowing who Atin was .
starwars	Jelon
poke	During the night , Team Rocket goes to steal the asleep Numel in a Numel-like machine .
muppet	I saw your note on the Main Page picture nominations -- we already are rotating the pictures , thats the point of that page . So far , weve been changing the picture once a month , and now were going to change it every two weeks . So that page is to nominate pictures for the rotation . Check out the text at the top ; it explains the process . -- Danny Toughpigs 1801 , 26 March 2006
poke	Slugma uses Body Slam and Grovyle Bullet Seed , while Treecko goes behind Corphish and Corphish uses Harden .
muppet	Family Forever A Julia Storybook involves Julia accidentally losing Fluffster while out on a family picnic . Julias family , along with Elmo and Abby Cadabby , help her look for Fluffster in the park . As revealed in the story , Julia states that Fluffsters favorite picnic food is frogs .
muppet	Hi Scott , not sure whats happening with Frances . The work we did on it was just before the London Shop closed.Ill try and find out from Brian . Mak User
starwars	There was also the Vengeance Battle Group , used by the Dark Jedi Jerec to search for the Valley of the Jedi , and the secret armada assembled by Admiral Mils Giel , for the purpose of transporting a vital biological device from the Outer Rim to Imperial Center .
poke	Brock sends his as well : Ludicolo attacks with Bullet Seed and Mudkip with Water Gun .
muppet	Hey , Max ! Wow , I thought you were done , and here you have more ! I wanted to mention that wed like everybody to follow the same format for making the boxes below the pictures . You should put the format
muppet	Hi ! I didnt think youd be back this early . Since youre here , I just thought of something . How do I jump from the Sesame Street Records Sesame Street Records page to the middle of the Sesame Street Singles page , to hit a certain section ? Im going to look inside those pages in a second , and Im not sure how to explain what I want to do , but I was wondering if that was possible . Thanks ! --
poke	Meanwhile , a man is going up to the mountain , claiming he `` is nearly there '' .
poke	Pikachu uses Quick Attack , but Treecko evades the attacks , until it pounds with its tail .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the . Wilson Monroe page .
muppet	The use of the subway is even acknowledged in the 1989 special Sesame Street 20 Years and Still Counting . While roving reporter Kermit the Frog repeatedly asks people how to get to Sesame Street , host Bill Cosby has a simple explanation `` I took the A train . ''
starwars	Police officers could have varying titles including but not limited to Judicial , Inspector , Constable , and Sheriff .
poke	Morita explains a terrible storm was last night , destroying a lot of nests , and a lot of young Pokémon , including Swablu , has separated from its flock .
muppet	Phillip , its obvious that youre using both User and User . You have a very distinctive writing style , using capitals at the beginning of every word . You have trouble responding to talk pages . And last night , you responded on this page as SuperMuppet and on User talk as Baba within one minute of each other .
poke	As they are chasing down the suspect , the president claims Max would be a great trainer one day , since trainers grow up through adventures .
poke	Per Sandra 's advice , Savannah invites the heroes for dinner , to which they agree to .
muppet	Season 36 also introduced many new sketches and songs to the shows catalog focusing on nutrition , healthy life styles and hygiene .
muppet	Kermit also sang some songs on this show , including `` Chattanooga Choo-Choo '' and `` Sweet Vacation . '' In Episode 109 episode 109 , he told a story about how the nightinggale got its voice .
starwars	The most important of these was the opening of diplomatic talks with the Duskhan League , an alliance of Yevethan worlds in the Koornacht Cluster .
poke	While Ash , Pikachu and Taillow go away , Treecko gets hit by the wave , as it did n't react in time .
muppet	During the audition process for the casting of Walter for The Muppets The Muppets , Peter Linz and Jason Segel performed the song together .
muppet	When the main Fraggle food source in the past was mushrooms ,
poke	Rocky tells them that there is nothing else on the island , besides this gym and the ferry : they do not have a store , for they hold onto what they have .
starwars	Prentioch remained within his relatively small holdings , busy with his wars of expansion and not eager to engage the New Republic .
starwars	The canyon was inhabited by hermits who were chased out of Mos Espa .
starwars	During the process , the Jedi Master heard voices through the Force , visions of past and future .
poke	The visitors are not amused Juan would waste time on fans , but Jessie promises the ladies can take a picture with `` Juan '' soon .
starwars	Surprised , Antilles considered the proposal and decided he could not abandon Adumar to Cartann 's conquest .
starwars	Jedi intelligence managed to intercept leaked Confederacy communications , which alerted them to the situation on Bal'demnic .
muppet	A familiar actor in German television and cinema , Teuscher combined work in on-camera roles with dubbing assignments . He dubbed Pat Hingle in two Batman movies , Charles Durning in State and Main , John Hurt in Second Best , Carl Reiner in Dead Men Dont Wear Plaid , and Jon Polito in several projects . In television , he dubbed Alfred Hitchcock on Alfred Hitchcock Presents and Mark Metcalf as the Master on Buffy the Vampire Slayer . Animation roles include the Flying Dutchman on SpongeBob SquarePants , the king of Atlantis in Atlantis The Lost Empire , and Fowler in Chicken Run .
muppet	Scooter has also appeared in The Muppets Go Hollywood , John Denver and the Muppets A Christmas Together , The Fantastic Miss Piggy Show , John Denver and the Muppets A Rocky Mountain Holiday , and The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson . He also hosted the 1985 The Muppet Show Video video compilation Childrens Songs and Stories and made appearances in Fozzies Muppet Scrapbook and Rowlfs Rhapsodies with the Muppets .
starwars	Known settlements on Alanciar included the capital Sus'mintri and the towns of Kerebba and Uhrar .
starwars	Mustafarian toast
starwars	In his lifetime , Kuat used Rothana 's great mineral wealth to create a dense network of shipyards , mines and factories that became Rothana Heavy Engineering , a subsidiary of KDY .
poke	He points out Ash usually uses speed to his advantage to baffle the opponent and take control of the battlefield , but Slakoth will evade any speedy or powerful attack Pikachu could launch .
muppet	Hey , check my note on Category talk . --
muppet	Found in Mercado Libre what seems to be a Prairie Dawn doll made by Playskool http//articulo.mercadolibre.com.mx/MLM-52721820-tierna-bebita-plaza-sesamo-42-cm-playskool-_JM Tierna Bebita Plaza Sesamo 42 Cm Playskool
starwars	The surface at the base was also highly unstable , and lava often burst through to the surface , due to pressure build-ups .
muppet	The song is featured in the The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 113 The The Muckster . ''
muppet	Hey , I just bought a copy of Five Sesame Street Stories today , and I reviewed it , and I noticed the narrator for the Super Grover stories sounds a lot like Gary Owens . It sounds very much like Space Ghost or Powdered Toast Man . Unfortunately , they do not have a voice cast list at the end of the credits , and I was able to recognize Frank Oz , Fran Brill and Caroll Spinneys voices . Is anyone else sure that Gary Owens narrated this video before we can mention it ? -- User Wile e2005 2100 , 1 August 2008
poke	Torkoal is happy , who spouts out smoke , which causes everyone 's faces to turn black .
starwars	After destroying a small number of Dellso 's fighters , successfully knocking out the shields on the `` Providence '' -class destroyer .
starwars	With the defeat at Hoth still fresh in their minds , these commandos were ready and eager for revenge .
poke	Team Rocket captures Pikachu using the net , so Ash goes after them , but they are too far away .
poke	May introduces Skitty to Treecko and Pikachu , but Skitty begins to play around chasing its tail and becomes tired .
muppet	This might be BRIAN MEEHLs Elmo ! Its a song from 1982 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Isnt that right ?
muppet	Miss Piggy I want to be there .
muppet	Bernie is a blue rabbit who appeared in several first season episodes of The Muppet Show . He got his name in a scene with Hilda and Valerie Harper in Episode 120 Valerie episode 120 , when he appeared in the Guest Stars Dressing Room as the new make-up man . When Bernie gave Valerie an egg , Hilda cracked that he was `` The Easter Bernie . ''
poke	Just as James and Ash advance to next rounds , Jessie and Meowth decide to make another attempt at stealing Pokémon .
poke	Rocky is also impressed by the combination attack and sees he has to strive out for more , planning to go on a journey to battle stronger trainers .
poke	Joe and Captain Action ) , as an independent licensing agency in New York City .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1430 , 28 March 2006
poke	Pikachu eats and Ash does the same , despite Brock attempting to tell him he does n't want to do that , but the berry is sour to Ash .
muppet	Please note that the black bars on the sides are a part of the original presentation and should not be removed .
muppet	Hey Alex , please dont revert edits when people correct links . having the s outside of the link is fine , but it is easily fixed and I always try and correct them when I see them . Thanks . --
poke	Jessie is not convinced either way , so Meowth asks Wurmple whose trainer does it belong to , but it says it is still hungry .
muppet	Hey Scott . Ive made a Gund page , but al the article connected to Gund are written like i do now . My page is writen like GUND . If I change the name into Gund I write over the catarogry Gund page , because its redirected . Can you have a look at this ? Pino 2126 , 10 February 2009
poke	Ash goes to catch it , but the Claydol is too large to be kept inside the Poké Ball .
muppet	Hey Scott -- the talk tag should really come off this page
starwars	The Warrior then met with Baras ' contact , Sharack Breev , who helped the Warrior retrace the Padawan 's trials throughout the planet , which included facing a Sand demon .
starwars	Andoan wine
starwars	The title of Master was reserved for its highest-ranking members .
starwars	University of Ketaris
poke	Ash continues , for the real joy of evolution is through the many battles and experiences a trainer has with their Pokémon .
poke	Ash and Cozmo find Team Magma and Cozmo explains they want to use the laser to activate the volcano , fearing the lava would spout out .
starwars	Zeami was then taken to the Halls of Healing , where she was treated for her wounds .
muppet	The earliest version of Kermit first appeared in 1955 on Sam and Friends , Jim Hensons five-minute puppet show that aired twice daily on WRC-TV . The soon-to-be-famous frog had humble origins , as Henson explained in 1977 `` Id paint the scenery , and Janie would carry it in the station wagon . We made the first Kermit from one of my mothers old coats with Ping-Pong balls for his eyes . ''
poke	Brock , Max , and May tell them that Claydol hates eggplant more than anything , so they soon take off their costumes and hide .
muppet	One media outlet visited Arts
starwars	531 .
poke	Team Rocket jumps out through the window with the mixtures and go to the balloon , but Brock takes the mixtures James took already .
poke	Outside , Team Rocket thinks of how to bypass the security , so they disguise themselves as scientists .
poke	Ash thanks Snorunt for taking him away from the blizzard , and notes they need to wait for the blizzard to stop .
poke	Brock reminds them Shedinja is a bug-type Pokémon , so May is certain her Torchic , who can use fire-type attacks , will be able to defeat Shedinja .
poke	The men have been deployed to search the building , but they spotted some other men , coming from the water .
starwars	Because of this , Mon Mothma , one of the leaders of the Rebel Alliance , made a mandatory request that any and all superweapons listed in the field manual as either `` experimental '' or `` planned '' need to be forwarded to Admiral Drayson of Intelligence .
muppet	Kristin Newman is a writer and producer working in television since the mid-1990s . She joined ABCs The Muppets The Muppets in November 2015 , taking over as showrunner after Bob Kushell left the show . She received her first Executive Producer credit in the 10th episode , `` Episode 110 Single All the Single All the Way '' . Newman also performed The a Muppaphone in `` Episode 116 Because ... Because ... Love '' during a performance of `` You Are the Sunshine of My Life '' by Jack White .
poke	Pikachu goes on James ' shoulder , who notes how heavier it got , since it was a long time since Pikachu came on his shoulder .
poke	They see houses atop the trees , but Ash ignores them , wishing to have his battle as soon as possible , though May wishes for an elevator .
muppet	The puppet was originally used as one of the ghosts in the song `` We Must Believe in Magic '' on episode 402 of The Muppet Show .
starwars	Phasma responds that she is not a coward because she is not afraid to do what has to be done .
poke	The Trapinch evolve to Vibrava , though one of them has Hal 's transmitter fallen off .
starwars	With the shields back up and strengthened by power generated from a refurbished Alderaan Biotics facility on the planet , ion cannon fire started to stab into the heart of the Republic formation while TIE fighters and interceptors launched to engage .
starwars	This battle was first mentioned in the 2000 novel as an `` Adumari [ sic ] flanking attack on Yuuzhan Vong positions up near Bilbringi '' .
muppet	Over time , the set changed from a blue ballroom to a pink ballroom . The ballroom featured a chandelier , which would then fade into the dancers at the start of each sketch . After the first season , it was also common to see the ceiling of the ballroom . Episode 515 Carol Episode 515 revolved around a dance marathon , with `` At The Dance '' -style jokes and situations throughout . In that episode , a more detailed set was used .
muppet	One of Millejors tasks is to comfort Dirren everytime he hurts himself by singing a little song `` Stackars dirren , tulle lille , otur har han jämt vår kille , tulle lille , tulle lu , skrämmer vi det onda bu . '' When she finishes , she says `` Borta ? '' .
starwars	It was controlled by the Executive Secretariat .
starwars	Ultimately , what was left of the massive vessel was converted into a space station and starport , having been renamed Pelagia´s Moon .
starwars	She was shocked when Boba Fett revealed that the man she saw was just a clone whose artificial feelings belonged to the dead man that loved her .
poke	Brock fears Slaking 's hands are powerful and due to it being a lazy Pokémon , an attack like that is stopped .
starwars	Battle of Eibon
muppet	Today I saw an episode of The Steve Wilkos Show that had a Muppet mention . Steve Wilkos was asking a teenager if certain things would make her sad , at one point asking if shed be sad if Sesame Street was delayed by half an hour . I dont normally watch this show , so I dont know what to put on this page about this show
poke	The judges now know that those transformations are fake , so they disqualify the Jester and Meowth and declare Erica and Jynx the winners by default .
poke	Max and the president follow the guy , but Max falls onto the stairs , alerting the man .
starwars	Solo insisted on a game of sabacc , in which she came out far ahead , then relented to Fel 's romantic advances .
poke	They ask her where the Gym leader is , but she replies everyone is going to see the space shuttle launch .
muppet	The episode also included red carpet interviews with the cast of Captain America The Winter Soldier , and a review of Kristen Veronica Mars .
muppet	A board to replace User/Quality article nominations , perhaps . Although we dont use it that often anymore .
poke	Brock and May are going to the mansion , despite Brock 's fear of scary places , for May wants to go there .
starwars	His pride sometimes caused him to jump to conclusions before he had fully considered all possibilities and reviewed all the evidence .
poke	Not far away , Harley takes a photo of her from a distance and places her picture in his book , being very angry at her responses , especially about the cookies he finds delicious .
starwars	He was described as having a black exterior in the `` Corellian Trilogy '' , but was drawn with other colors in Star Wars Fact File image above .
starwars	However , Jaina Solo volunteered to confront the Dark Jedi in hopes of redeeming him and Skywalker allowed her to do so .
starwars	In 19 ABY , he was sent with `` Vengeance '' cell , an elite strike team of Imperial agents .
muppet	I just noticed that Muppet Wiki now comes up as # 4 on a http//www.google.com/search ? hl=en
poke	Rocky thinks they are here to join , but is told they only wait for the boat to Mossdeep City .
muppet	Hey , Nick ! No offense , but Id appreciate it if youd lay off the international stuff for now . I appreciate the help , but at the moment , when Im trying to work on Muppet performer pages , youre making more work for me , uploading undersized images or duplicates
starwars	Zhadran
poke	Team Rocket is still on the roller coaster , being tired from all the traps they are encountering .
poke	Meowth takes the opportunity and states Pikachu was one of Team Rocket members .
poke	While Team Rocket laughs at Pikachu 's attempt to free himself , James notices Bagon and Treecko are flying with the jetpack .
poke	Shauna sends a Meditite to the fight , while Ash chooses Pikachu , who was watching something .
starwars	The Ewok responds by striking a stormtrooper with his ladle .
muppet	Another version of the Mystery Bank was made by Ideal Toys in 1986 , with a different illustration on the label .
poke	The next day , Brock is cooking breakfast while Ash , May and Max brush their teeth .
muppet	I have two 80s UK video releases . Should we have UK releases along side the US videos or create a seperate page as with international Muppet records ? Mister Superstar 2327 , 26 November 2007
muppet	The Runaway Egg is a 2018 Sesame Street storybook about Easter .
starwars	After dinner , Luke Skywalker took Solo aside to inform him that the Galactic Alliance had learned that Corellia was carrying on its negotiations in bad faith .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the page .
starwars	He also possessed a number of scars along his right jaw .
poke	They tell Rocky they are up to no good , but Rocky tells them they have not done anything bad yet and shows how much fun they have .
starwars	Star Wars '' : Episode VI `` Return of the Jedi , marketed as simply Return of the Jedi , is a 1983 film directed by Richard Marquand and written by Lawrence Kasdan and George Lucas from a story by Lucas .
poke	Dustox spins around , spreading glitter and uses Tackle , though Beautifly uses Silver Wind , knocking Dustox away .
muppet	Video Show advertisement on Nickelodeon Muppet Show advertisement on Nickelodeon
poke	Brock is interested in berries , so Natalie promises to make a list of which berries and in which quantities should Brock use .
muppet	Hey there , Scott . I dont know whether you created the page or not , but at any rate , theres something I thought I should share . On the page about Oceanview , Illinois , you or whoever referred to it as a fictional city . Well , its true , that place doesnt seem to be on very many maps , but I took a class last year with a guy from Illinois , and having seen the movie , I asked him if there was such a place , and he said that there was . You might want to take that into consideration . Garrettk41 0318 , 29 January 2008
starwars	Even though they failed at the last task , they performed well enough to continue being used up to the early stages of the Clone Wars .
poke	A Blue Orb possessed Pikachu releases Groudon from its entrapment and the two prepare to take on Kyogre in a battle to end all battles .
muppet	Based out of Philadelphia , McGregor has performed in film and television productions in the United States of the United States and Canada . Films include Cocktail , Primal Scream .
starwars	The war with the Yuuzhan Vong continued on , with the New Republic—once the defenders of the Core—now trying to take it back .
poke	Seeing Zangoose has taken a lot of damage , Brock advises going back to the camp to let Zangoose rest .
poke	Due to a twist of fate , the heroes get captured by Team Magma and face their leader , Maxie .
poke	Jessie hears the part about Meowth being able to gather coins , so she condemns him for never actually using that ability .
poke	The man shows the beginner 's class - Professor Oak is seen on a screen , teaching the students .
poke	Out of sudden , the submarine is attacked by Team Rocket 's Magikarp submarine .
starwars	Armitage Hux was the highest-ranking general in the forces of the First Order , subservient only to Supreme Leader Snoke and his apprentice Kylo Ren .
starwars	This allowed those imprisoned there , including Royal Naboo Security Forces member Gregar Typho , who had returned home on leave just before the invasion , to quickly find a working transmitter they used to monitor communications channels .
poke	One day , however , Timmy encountered a Duskull and brought it home , but his mother did not allow , ordering he should study more .
poke	The heroes try to catch up with Nicky , suspecting something might be wrong about this .
poke	Kelly and Grumpig are astounded to hear May won two ribbons already and tickle her , so she shows the ribbons .
poke	The heroes enter the Gym , seeing that workers are preparing the field for the Gym battle .
muppet	Hey Tony , thanks for adding that screenshot for Women Can Be . Is that up on YouTube ? —
starwars	Alison Rose
poke	Brock sees that his compass is broken and Ash 's Swellow did not see May or Drew .
poke	Team Rocket says they are new and Jessie cuts a rope , so everyone is pulled up inside a net .
poke	Brock and May realize the only person owning a boat is Mr. Briney himself , while May sees Mr. Briney was protecting them by claiming he does not know them .
poke	Beautifly flies around Max , while Janet and Chaz thank Max for complimenting their Pokémon , for it shows how much training the Pokémon had received .
muppet	How do we know that Joey Mazzarino performed the lamb when it never even had a solo ? Garrettk41 2112 , April 29 , 2012
starwars	It contained the planet Benja-Rihn , homeworld of the Carthasian species .
starwars	It was also during this time that Surik asked Grenn about securing a new supply of fuel for Citadel Station .
muppet	Okay , a few test cases for you . Miranda Richardson is the best example , but heres Peter Ustinov and Kem Campbell as well . I wouldnt recommend doing it for Jeffrey Tambor , when both of his characters have pages of their own , but I think its useful here , as well as a better way of instantly highlighting those who have multiple Muppet and/or Creature Shop credits . In cases where theres enough text to support it , we could always add a non-Muppet headshot or something . --
muppet	Sweet ! Where did you find that that Creature Shop worked on this ? I cant find it anywhere . Scott
muppet	I dont know if the character deserves his own page
poke	Nurse Joy needs to check her starter Pokémon , as a new trainer is going to pick one of them .
poke	As seen in its Pokédex entry , it is as tall as h POKE and weighs the same amount .
starwars	Averross felt that she was physically attractive and decently close to his own age .
muppet	Guess what ? One of the guys on the record forum I go to just said that Google Books is now offering fully searchable Billboards from 1942 to 2008 ! Ill probably mention it on Special soon , but I wanted to tell you too , since I know you like Muppet music ! Maybe well find some articles about the short-lived recording careers of Susan and David ! --
muppet	A general heads up , right now , image uploading is broken , on all Wikis . Existing images seem fine , but any attempts to upload new images or replace existing ones are futile right now . Dannys already reported the issue . Hopefully things will clear up soon , so if you have any problems , its not your machine , its Wikia . --
muppet	Pat-a-Cake and Other First Baby Games features the following poems to be performed as games
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the 206 Boobers Dream page .
starwars	Arriving at Sector AA-345 , G7 is greeted by TK-421 , who is surprised to receive a holomessage and thinks that he has caught someone 's eye .
muppet	Hey , Im working on a guide for Big Birds Birthday or Let Me Eat Cake and since you have the 2835 version , is the scene with Telly and the Count cut or is it still there ? - Oscarfan 2148 , January 25 , 2010
poke	Sableye dodges and licks Torchic , confusing the latter , so May calls it back .
muppet	A working title for the project was The Muppet Movie 2 ; Hensons notes in 1980 refer to the project as `` MM2 '' .
starwars	At a touch from his remote control , an electrical pulse would send searing pain through Blue 's body .
muppet	Allen Cavett Thompson , he was an unapologetic segregationist known for condoning excessive police force against civil-rights demonstrators in the city . After his retirement in 1969 , he founded a group called FOCUS , which demanded `` freedom of choice '' in public schools , and became a spokeperson for a movement to ban the airing of Sesame Street . See `` mississippi Agency Votes for a TV Ban on Sesame Street , '' New York Times , May 3 , 1970 , 54 .
starwars	Having noticed that , Katth desperately ordered Fass to disengage the beam .
poke	They are certain Anorith and Armaldo ate some ancient fruit from trees , which was a part of their diet , and the seeds were seen close to the fossils as well .
poke	May 's Skitty uses Assist , which turns to Razor Leaf ( leaving May surprised ) , then uses Blizzard to freeze the leaves and uses Double Slap to destroy the ice and leaving shiny sparkles around .
poke	Brock believes even if the trainer and the Pokémon have started off , this makes the journey more meaningful .
poke	Later on , the heroes arrive to Dewford Town on the Island and they wave goodbye to Mr. Briney and Peeko , who leave off to Slateport City .
starwars	Not wanting to protect delegates or suppress riots , citing that it was not what she joined the rebellion for , Dune left the New Republic , moved past her days of military discipline , and reinvented herself as a mercenary .
poke	Brock hopes Nurse Joy wo n't forget him , but Ash jokes she would forget Brock 's girly scream , as he rode Shiftry away .
muppet	Nearly twenty years later , it was announced that a new version of the series was to be produced , with production taking place in Israel during the fall of 2009 .
muppet	The Sesame Road version of this song includes a spoken intro by Big Bird . Was it not present on the original , and a direct result of a copyright challenge ? -- Hilleyb 0305 , 23 November 2006
starwars	before taking a blaster from Mayfeld .
starwars	When the city of Khoonda was formed , the Dantooine militia sealed the kinrath caves , closing off access to the precious crystals .
muppet	Say , I have a question . Is one of those Kermit puppets displayed really from 1969 ? -- User63.22.228.227 11 February 2007
poke	Seviper uses Wrap to bind the Phantom , while James uses his fishing rod to pull the mask , though Brock struggles not to reveal himself .
starwars	Xim immediately sent his forces to Jhantoria , where they smashed the Livien League .
poke	The sun shines , so Castform changes its form and uses Weather Ball , hitting the other Crawdaunt .
muppet	Promoting DonorsChoose.org , Colbert goes through a list of schools around the country who need various types of school supplies . Mrs. G in Texas is asking for an `` Elmo Visual Presenter '' to enhance their multimedia learning . Colbert `` Now , for your information , the Elmo Company has nothing to do with Elmo from Sesame Street . And just so theres no more confusion , I suggest they change their name to the Multimedia United Projection Plan for Education and Teachers , or M.U.P.P.E.T . Should clear things right up . ''
muppet	Hi ! Just wanted to let you know we have Muppet Wiki # Link a policy on linking things the first time its mentioned , which is why I undid your edit on the Take Two with Phineas and Ferb page . You probably didnt notice that , but hopefully you can keep it in mind in the future . Other than that , youve been doing good work for a smelly onion ; ) Keep at it and thanks for contributing ! --
poke	An older man , whom Jenny introduces them as Prof. Jacuzzi , points out the Gulpin population is rising once again .
starwars	The Separatist realized this as well and began to research Jedi-proof biological weapons .
muppet	Does anyone object to moving the article title ? --
muppet	A series where a letter was shown down at the beach through three parts a person dancing in a letter costume , a girl writing the letter in sand , and lastly , the letter being shown on a flag . Mo Willems wrote and directed the segments .
muppet	Daniels briefly discusses his appearances on The Muppet Show and Sesame Street in his 2019 autobiography I Am C-3PO The Inside Story .
poke	Nothing happened during their travels , but suddenly , they evolve : Keith 's Clamperl into a Huntail and Nancy 's Clamperl into a Gorebyss .
muppet	I dont think Ive been explaining myself properly . I would do it like this ... five Green Frackles
muppet	Set in the titular hotel , the series stars a monster family that runs the hotel father Furgus Fuzz , mother Funella Furchester and daughter Phoebe Furchester-Fuzz . Elmo appears in the series as Phoebes cousin , who is taking an extended stay at the hotel due to his fascination with it . Cookie Monster appears as the room-service and dining room waiter . Also appearing is Isabel , a character with a bell in her head for the guests to ring .
poke	Team Rocket has heard of this and Meowth plans to give the berries to the boss , so his hair would look shinier .
poke	Hansen claims the Togetic can only protect themselves , which is not much of a power .
muppet	Hey , whats the `` still stumping '' issue on Talk ? From the discussion , it looked like Scott had figured it out , and the talkbox was just as a heads up . Unless the stumper is why the Count has two pets with eerily similar and hard to spell names . --
poke	Max has no doubts she 'll pass to second round , but Erica hopes she 'll get as well to battle May .
starwars	Culisetto were a sentient species of small , tube-mouthed insectoids that fed off of blood and also wore traditional brown travelling smocks .
starwars	Imperial newscasters such as Alton Kastle on the planet Lothal used HoloNet News to distort facts and events in the Empire 's favor .
poke	At the power plant , Wattson is sitting and is troubled , as he lost his battle to Pikachu very easily , considering this as the end of his career .
muppet	If there was an actor who appeared in a post-2004 Henson Company project and was in a show on here , would they count as a connection ? Parstin32 1814 , February 12 , 2011
starwars	Izvoshra members were responsible for protecting Qymaen and carrying out his will .
muppet	In 1986 , he created several inserts for Sesame Street Canada , focusing on science . In some of the segments , he costarred with his daughter Severn Cullis-Suzuki . Produced by Cathy Chilco , these segments included the following
muppet	Now , Alice in Wonderland , Robin Hood , and Arabian Nights would qualify , though it would be weird to see those listed as fictional stage shows , since they have been actual stage productions
muppet	She occasionally rides a soapbox-style car around Sesame Street Sesame Street , called the Zoemobile . She has a pet rock , Rocco , much to Elmos constant dismay . Her birthday is September 30 ,
poke	When they fail , Ash and Pikachu spit seeds on Treecko , who gets angry and uses Bullet Seed on them .
poke	However , the heat is too much for them , and Brock reports they do n't even have water .
muppet	Hi , Danny ! I forgot what you said about scanning albums that you have , but do you think you can scan Let a Frown Be Your Umbrella and your Fraggle Rock album with a catalog number of C 40775 ? If you cant scan them right now , thats okay . Ill just make a note that you have those two . Thanks ! --
poke	Team Rocket gets challenged as well , causing Jessie and James to annoy each other .
poke	However , Ash is blown onto James and Meowth , causing them to drop Pikachu 's cage , which goes flying off .
muppet	I stated a The Muppet Show Muppet Show videography sandbox page , and I wanted to start a discussion in the talk page , but whenever I click on talk , it just goes straight to my user page . Other talk pages show when I click on them , so anybody have any idea whats going on ? -- User Minor muppetz 1737 , March 9 , 2012
starwars	Sek'nos Rath is a male Sith Je'daii Journeyer who is the son of Je'daii diplomats , though he was raised by his maternal grandmother , Temple Master Miarta Sek , and his paternal grandfather Thok Rath .
starwars	Gar ( human )
poke	Suddenly , Ash spits the seeds , apologizing to May for such rude manners , since he always spat out the seeds .
muppet	Whats it take for an article to catch fire -- is it 10 editors ? I havent seen anything get blazing hot here yet since that rolled out . It looks so exciting when I see it on Flash Forward and Twilight . Scott
starwars	R2-D2 was then recognized before the queen for his work in ensuring the ship 's safety .
poke	The girl explains she was training with her Meg and Mag , her Slugma , and was accidentally burned by their Flamethrower .
starwars	Ephant Mon refuses to go with Jabba to the Great Pit of Carkoon ( for he knows it will be the last trip by Jabba ) and announces to Jabba that his debt is settled .
starwars	Features include interviews , photo galleries , and an animation animatic .
muppet	Coming out of the discussion here and on the Muppets vs Creatures page , I set up a voting page where we can decide whether to classify the Dinosaurs characters as Muppets or Creatures .
poke	Since it was the third time Torkoal used Overheat , the attack 's power is quite low , causing Thunder Wave to negate the attack and defeat Torkoal .
muppet	The Skeksis were full body puppets , operated in a very similar way to Big Bird the puppeteers secondary arm was in the arm of the skeksis , and the puppeteers primary arm was held up over the puppeteers head and the hand operates the jaw . A monitor inside the suit allowed the puppeteer to see what he or she was doing .
starwars	Adriphar first appeared in the 2009 comic `` '' , the second issue of `` '' story arc .
starwars	Mordon personally commended Stele for his skill and bravery and consequently recommended him for starfighter pilot training in the Imperial Navy .
muppet	Seems that these songwriting credits need to be sorted out Tygerbug
poke	To get out , May has to awaken Numel and has an idea with Skitty 's Assist attack .
starwars	Known for their wide variety of calls and mimicry , geejaws were inquisitive creatures .
poke	The heroes think the Pokémon chose to be with Jimmy , whom Serena tells he has to forge his own destiny , causing Jimmy to believe it is not luck that got him thus far .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1356 , December 5 , 2009
starwars	At the gala celebrating the bestowment of the Raxian Humanitarian Award on the Confederacy of Independent Systems ' Head of State , Count Dooku , held on the Separatist capital planet Raxus , server droids each held up a tray of appetizers and beverages , including glasses of cocktails , which were offered to attendants of the gala .
starwars	In line with the criminal theme of the game , Klepacki borrowed motifs and recreated the mood from scenes involving Jabba the Hutt in .
muppet	Well , maybe Im crazy but in `` The Mystery Begins '' there is a scene with a ghost coming out of a microwave and if I remember right this ghost looked a lot like the Swedish Chef . The problem is that it was a while ago since I watched it so Im not sure . Perhaps you guys know something about it , otherwise Ill watch again to find out ) BlueFrackle 2241 , July 11 , 2010
starwars	In the aftermath of the purge , Palpatine used the programmed loyalty of the clone troopers to enforce the rise of his New Order , a Galactic Empire ruled by himself as emperor .
starwars	Peragus II was a planet in the Peragus system of the Outer Rim Territories ' Xappyh sector .
poke	The heroes thank Nicholai for saving them , while Nicholai replies `` the kids in shorts have to stick together '' .
poke	James asks what if Ludicolo 's dance would be annoying , so Meowth claims dancing fills people with joy .
poke	Ash already knows this , planning to use his Taillow and is confident that he 'll win easily against such a surfer dude .
starwars	Grey was being chased by First Order Raiders at the time , and believed she had been able to lose them at Vargos 9 until they turned up again on Ashas Ree .
poke	With 30 seconds left , May puts her faith in Skitty , since she may overuse Assist , while Timmy sees he can not lose , after coming so far .
starwars	It presents an illustrated version of the story of with an accompanying CD with narration of the story and character voices .
poke	Suddenly , Team Rocket has destroyed the breaks , so May fishes out the Magikarp submarine to the surface , revealing Team Rocket inside it .
poke	At Kimmy 's house , Kimmy promises to play with Tokin more from now on , so it will not steal from other people .
starwars	The MD-5 was a generic multipurpose medical droid .
muppet	The campaigns website features a five-week online competition , featuring three `` games , '' for a chance to win the grand prize a family round trip to Los Angeles , California , with a personal tour of the Walt Disney Walt Disney Studios .
starwars	Loran , with his talents in acting and disguise , posed as both `` Lieutenant Narol '' with the aid of some impromptu prosthetics for a disguise and Captain Zurel Darillian .
starwars	After joining together , the Old Republic and Jedi Order sent their armies against the empire after the Zygerrians refused .
poke	Torkoal attacks with Flamethrower , but Steelix negates the attack by using Sandstorm .
poke	May is surprised Swablu likes Brock 's medicine , but Ash points out that is why Brock wishes to become the best breeder there is .
starwars	Both parties reaped the benefits : Zothip 's gang kept whatever loot it found aboard the ships , and the Remnant happily watched as the New Republic 's shipping endeavors were destabilized .
starwars	Throne room
muppet	And as I told you before , do not leave multiple messages on my or other admins wall about the same subject if we dont reply when you want us to . Were not on here every second of every day and if Im not responding within less than a minute , apparently , that doesnt give you a reason to ask again and again . Keep that in mind .
muppet	This may be too minor to include on the article proper , but I wanted to document here that Jimmy Wales yet again used Muppet Wiki as an example of `` a resource for community created long tail content . '' http//johntynan.com/archives/114 Scott
starwars	As an example , the Aurebesh alphabet was originally a random piece of set dressing used in `` Return of the Jedi '' .
muppet	Any leads on a ballpark guess for what season Episode User/Unknown 80s ep might be ? Did it come from YouTube ? I can start going through my files .
starwars	By the time of the Clone Wars , they were connected to the crime families of Coruscant .
starwars	Cait appeared as a corpse in the short story `` Inbrief , '' written by Janine K. Spendlove and first published in `` Star Wars Insider '' 161 on November 10 , 2015 .
muppet	It was said that this song first appeared on The Sesame Street Book
muppet	This segment was taped on August 15 , 1975 and directed by Jon Tape slate
poke	Marcel recalls some people were working on a building in the mountains , so it must have pushed Snorlax out of its territory .
muppet	In live-action dubbing , John has dubbed an assortment of `` old lady '' roles and actresses , including Imogene Coca in National Lampoons Vacation , Mae Questel in National Lampoons Christmas Vacation , Alice Drummond in Doubt , Betty White in Hard Rain and on Community , Jean Stapleton on Caroline in the City , and Elizabeth Spriggs on Poirot . Exceptions to this typecasting include Juliet Mills on Columbo , male little person actor Michu Meszaros in Warlock The Armageddon , and the dormouse in Tim Tim Burtons Alice in Wonderland .
muppet	If youve got some other feedback , feel free to respond here rather than on my talk page . Thanks ! Scott
starwars	ARC-170 starfighters were also deployed during the war , and became the Republic Navy 's premier heavy starfighter .
poke	Suddenly , they hear Seviper approaching ; Zangoose stands up and goes after it .
starwars	The 41st Ranger Platoon was often dispatched to sabotage enemy supply lines and vulnerable installations , allowing them to draw attention away from Republic interests .
starwars	The planet 's population of at least six billion , however , was safely evacuated by General Gentis .
poke	He , along with May , Max and Brock , accidentally hook Team Rocket 's Magikarp submarine and after a fierce battle , May notices something different about her Wurmple : it is actually Jessie 's .
starwars	Catching sight of the wall of fire , Skywalker sacrificed himself and used the Force to push Secura , Tano , Bly , Rex , and troopers Lucky , Flash , and Cameron into the gangway airlock before closing the blast doors behind them .
poke	Team Rocket lie that they set up a Secret Base , but Giovanni identifies it as a child 's room .
starwars	Diving into one of Nar Shaddaa 's many dark alleys , Vos encountered Vilmarh Grahrk , a Devaronian smuggler .
muppet	Say , how much have you found in the archives related to Sesame Street Season 2 , especially guests ? Ive found a few newspaper articles about the 1970 season which , collectively , give the following guests , who til now we havent known about
poke	He wants to know if Team Rocket is interested in buying the souvenirs , though Ash tells him that they are mean and have no money .
poke	A Mudkip hatches from an egg ; May is interested in it , but the Mudkip splashes May with water .
starwars	Whitescar Syndicate
starwars	Just then , Djarin is ambushed from behind by a lightsaber–wielding Tano .
starwars	The mini proved popular enough to spawn two sequels - `` The Joker 's Wild '' ( 1991 ) and `` Cry of the Huntress '' ( 1992 ) - which led to both an on-going monthly series , and to Dixon working on from # 644-738 through the major Batman stories & KnightsEnd , DC One Million , Contagion , Legacy , Cataclysm and .
muppet	I was talking over on the Arthur Shimkin page with Danny , and I decided to open it up over here , so more people would see it . Does anybody have info about the history of Sesame Street records ? I was wondering things like how and why they started with a couple of major labels , and then how and why they decided to go off on their own , and who the people in charge were , and how making the records fit in with putting the actual show together , and stuff like that . I was hoping that people who are covering the early years of Sesame Street would know something about it . Thanks . -- ErnieBert 0726 , 4 March 2007
starwars	Nar Villoto
starwars	The voyage to Byllura would last several days and would be remembered by Rusher as a stressful and hectic experience throughout his career .
muppet	Produced by the USO , the show started in the United States in 2008 . Since then it has had performances across the United States as well as bases around the world . The Sesame Street Experience for Military Families is the first-ever traveling USO tour designed specifically for military families , and has become the longest-running tour in USO history .
poke	Ash thanks Wattson for the battle and promises to come back for another challenge , making Wattson glad for such determination .
poke	They all go to check out , making Mr. Moore frustrated how Flannery does not know where they are .
muppet	Hi Danny !
starwars	The organization was formed under the orders of Ysanne Isard shortly after the Seizure of Coruscant .
muppet	There have been a few instances lately where contributors have created or significantly altered categories without anybody else knowing about it . The
muppet	Okay , I just messed with Episode 409 Beverly Sills . I left a little thumbnail plot summary at the top of the page , and then turned the `` highlights '' section into a description of all of the sketches , songs and backstage scenes . What do you guys think ? --
muppet	thanks for any help .
starwars	Shifting nebulae within the Teraab sector erased the former hyperspace routes there , ensuring its isolation , and the planet soon became a subject of myth .
starwars	This , combined with Imperial Intelligence officer Kirtan Loor 's terrorist activities while taking orders from the Palpatine Counterinsurgency Front , leaves Coruscant and the New Republic in a state of emergency .
poke	However , it also hit a Marill and Azumarill , who , with Azurill , use Water Gun on Torchic , defeating it .
muppet	The only possible downside is if new users forget the limits and start adding titles with one or two connections , but right now you and I are the only ones really working on these anyway . So I think we can keep an eye out .
starwars	Falmal was assigned to lead the expeditions , assisted by the Human , Buzzy and the Rodian , Jombo .
muppet	Dark Crystal , Labyrinth and Fraggles are pretty clear and distinct franchises and dont have a real over-abundance of unfinished stuff . Collecting the few things that never came to fruition in one place .
starwars	While this made them distinctive to non-Hutts , they were seen with distaste and considered a type of mutant among their race .
starwars	The `` Reckless Abandon '' was an unknown class of Gallofree Yards transport .
poke	Suddenly , Nicholai appears in his costume , gaining Zigzagoon 's attention and causing them to follow him .
starwars	Once he was finished , he fled the Jedi stronghold and fled to the Core Worlds .
muppet	The Jim Henson Hour pitch reel is a 12½-minute video hosted by Jim Henson from The Muppet a faux Muppet Workshop
starwars	Vaal 's comparison of minerals from the far-flung continents of Keshtah and Alanciar led her to believe that some massive event cut the two lands off from each other .
starwars	Using his night goggles , Scourge realized that the entire factory had been shut down , and he contacted Sechel to find out what had happened .
muppet	In 2000 , Vivian appeared in several episodes in Sesame English , most notably as Mrs. Huong , Tingos school teacher , in the episode `` Episode 133 Tingos Tingos Crush '' and an opera singer in a recurring series of segments .
poke	Treecko strikes the Pokémon and goes to attack it , but the Pokémon attacks Torchic , instead .
starwars	Other missions that Tachi and Olin took included their rescue of Kenobi and Skywalker from Jenna Zan Arbor on Vanqor , their investigation of Zan Arbor , Roy Teda , and Granta Omega on Romin , and their investigation of Zan Arbor 's Blackwater Systems laboratory on Falleen , before a crucial mission on Coruscant .
poke	The heroes are amazed by Johnny , making Max think Abby is a Legendary Coordinator .
muppet	This is a list of official billings for the Muppet pair of `` Bert and Ernie '' in order to help settle the debate of which order is the `` official '' title . Unlike the comedy pairs of wikipedia and Abbott and Costello or Laurel and Hardy , there is no consistent billing order for the pair .
muppet	I dont understand this sentence `` Lent is the celebration of the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ , marked by believers with the absolution of self-selected material pleasures . '' Im not from a denomination that observes Lent , but shouldnt that read `` abstention '' , when you give up something for Lent ? I thought absolution was when a person gets their sins forgiven . --
poke	As the heroes continue on , they find themselves in a dead end , as they encounter a waterfall .
poke	Ash , Brock and Max see May and Combusken had a shot at defeating Grumpig while it was falling down , but see May actually helped Grumpig descend down .
poke	Savannah still has one ribbon , recalling her victory before with Flareon and Lairon .
starwars	Maul ignited one of the blades of his weapon .
starwars	Ultimately , Odion would be defeated through the efforts of Kerra and Odion 's second-in-command General Beld Yulan , which ended in the death of Odion and the destruction of the Helm .
poke	May also reminded her Ash would be there as well and was told to have fun on the journey .
starwars	When that mission turned into a disaster , Kithe was put into the unusual position of leading the isolated survivors off the planet , destroying a missile factory on the way .
starwars	The HYd-997 hyperdrive motivator was a hyperdrive unit produced by Slayn & Korpil and was commonly installed in the A/SF-01 B-wing starfighter .
muppet	I migrated this to http//farscape.wikia.com/wiki/Webisodes the Farscape wiki
poke	Seeing Pikachu is slightly hurt , Brock sprays a potion on Pikachu , healing him .
muppet	Rhonda is a Whatnot woman who appears in The Jim Henson Hour episode `` Episode 103 Power . '' Leon brings her to Kermit the Kermit in the shows cold open , extolling her virtues as a singer . She proves her pipes by shattering several monitors in Muppet Central .
starwars	Balancesheet also obtained a used freighter from Black Sun , after convincing Xizor that Boba Fett should not be killed .
poke	With a new Pokémon in tow , Ash continues his training to prepare for his rematch with Brawly .
poke	Seviper uses Haze and Cacnea uses Sandstorm , dimming the vision while Meowth takes Pikachu .
starwars	This ruse allowed the rebels to dock in the fighter carrier 's hangar bay under the pretext of seeking refuge .
poke	Drew is entering the Contest as well , claiming it would be a practice , unlike a `` Coordinator , who stumbles upon Contest after another '' .
poke	Just as they cheer for their success , Jessie and James think of having new uniforms when they get promoted .
starwars	Katie Grawley
poke	The woman tells the `` Great Lombre '' , when the village suffers misfortune , would arrive to restore the village back .
poke	It will , however , freeze the game if a player attempts to withdraw it from a PC box if it is Level 0 ; this has led to misconceptions that it is very dangerous and possibly game-breaking .
muppet	Nates been doing a great job creating pages for all kinds of TV and movie references lately . However , Im not sure this one really merits a page . A Dinosaurs episode features a bad sitcom spoof briefly called `` House Full of Dads , '' which feels like a composite of Full House
poke	Just as Grumpig and Combusken are to fall down , May makes an honorable gesture .
starwars	Lucross Collections
starwars	Sigma was often used as a call sign for Imperial starships , often transports such as the `` Delta '' -class DX-9 stormtrooper transport .
poke	May points out that Pikachu destroyed her bike , and traveling around alone sounds unsafe , but proposes to travel together to Oldale Town .
starwars	He had learned of the Mindharp thanks to his decades of research , and scoured various ruins in the Rafa system in hopes of finding the object , which he believed would give him control over all beings in the system .
starwars	It was first published by Disney–Lucasfilm Press on August 6 , 2019 , and an audiobook version was also produced .
muppet	In addition to puppeteering , Vogels interest in music is made evident by his non-Sesame role as front man for the band , The Mighty Weaklings released a CD of songs `` for kids -- and grown-ups '' called You Cant Rock Sittin Down in June of 2008 after appearing in the video for their song `` Rocket Ship '' on Jacks Big Music Show . With Joey Mazzarino , Vogel co-owns Pratfall Productions , which produced the film-noir puppet spoof Murder , He Squeaked and various inserts for Sesame Street , `` Sesame Street '' videos and Nick Jr.s Curious Buddies . Vogel also serves as director for Sesame Street beginning with Season 39 and the recurring segment , `` Murray Has a Little Lamb . ''
poke	One day , she got a phone call from a woman who seeks help from her and her Baltoy .
starwars	Kossan
starwars	A Weequay male was a prisoner of the Pyke Syndicate within its fortress on the planet Oba Diah during the Clone Wars , held in a prison cell alongside an Ithorian .
starwars	On Nam Chorios , the Sith finally located and attacked Abeloth , who was already weakened from contention with the Jedi—who had defeated the entity by forcibly withdrawing from her another one of the beings she had previously consumed , after which another of her consumed victims committed suicide .
starwars	During the screening series , Johnson was invited to join the informal Intellectual Property Development Group to help visualize the Force-bond between Rey and Kylo Ren .
muppet	I also think we ought to work on a no-stubs guideline , where we discourage people from creating pages unless they have some content to put on them . Weve done a lot of the infodumping , and I think it would be a good idea to build up the quality of the pages . What do other folks think ? --
poke	The mayor thanks Juan for the performance , but they hear a strange sound , who are Team Rocket .
starwars	After squadrons of starfighters were sent from the `` Emancipator '' to combat the World Devastators on the surface of Calamari , one Devastator ascended to low orbit and engaged the Star Destroyer .
starwars	Onasi sent word to the Republic fleet , but before they could prepare a plan of attack , a disruptor field around the planet that the Star Forge was orbiting brought the `` Ebon Hawk '' crashing down toward the planet 's surface .
starwars	However , despite his escape , the plans were retrieved .
muppet	Sesame Street in Communities brings free video content of everyones favorite , furry Muppet friends as they help children and the adults in their lives reach their highest potential . Grover and the gang will tackle a variety of topics that face children in the areas of health and well-being , school readiness , and emotional well-being . Some of the content and topics presented are more sensitive , so you should preview these videos before sharing with a child . For free resources and tips , follow us at http//www.facebook.com/SesameStreetInCommunities
muppet	Sesame Street C Is for Cooking Recipes from the Street is a Sesame Street cookbook released on April 17 , 2007 .
starwars	Quamin ( plural quamilla ) were flying predators from the Kidron jungles .
starwars	After the Battle of Endor , the Empire , despite its unpopularity , held the region far longer than expected ; many later resented the New Republic 's sluggishness in liberating the region .
poke	Poochyena smells Max 's backpack and runs towards Max , so Birch , Brock and Ash follow it .
muppet	Hey , thanks for adding that page on Kathy Ruttenberg‎ . Can you please tell us more about the animation she did for Sesame Street ? We look forward to your future edits ! MuppetVJ 1424 , 20 December 2007
muppet	Central Wiki -- Scarecroe
poke	Continuing their journey to Fortree City , Ash and friends come across a Spoink , who is upset after losing the Pearl it keeps on the top of its head .
poke	Ash 's Taillow and May 's Beautifly are searching around the palace , but do not see the king nor the queen .
muppet	Is this a Show Muppet Show sketch or a Show Muppet Show song ? Something like Java is classified as a Muppet Show song
muppet	A scene from the 1986 film discussing the presence of plutonium in a supposed medical facility in his town with his study date . In the background , her younger brother is watching The Muppet Show Sex and Violence , specifically the `` Aggression '' sketch . The 1975 special was written by Marshall Brickman , who directs this film .
poke	However , he explains he was cleaning the pool in Cerulean Gym with his Pokémon , a woman , Daisy , gave them the badge for the work .
muppet	Just FYI , you can turn spell check off in Firefox . And no installation is complete without using the http//addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/adblock-plus/ AdBlock add-on which will cure any spam/adware/etc problems with browsing .
poke	Barring the use of cheat devices , 3TrainerPoké can only be obtained by trading an 'M from `` Pokémon Red '' or `` Blue '' .
muppet	Stan appeared in the last episode of Dinosaurs , Episode 407 Changing Changing Nature . He stopped by The Sinclair the Sinclair household after getting lost on the way to the swamp , and quickly became attracted to Charlene Sinclair . After learning that he might be the last Bunch Beetle , he stayed with the Sinclairs .
poke	Spoink uses Confuse Ray , confusing Cacnea and Dustox , then blasts Team Rocket off with Psychic .
starwars	The governor of Gadrin in 31 BBY was Barnab Chistor .
poke	The family introduces themselves : son Kimmy , mother Harmony and father Calvin .
muppet	`` The we in this instance included a trusted B
starwars	Synara says that she hopes this is an actual rescue and not a trap .
starwars	The Gale Team was a military unit of the Rebel Alliance .
starwars	The `` Imperial '' -class would ultimately see service in the First Order 's Navy thirty years after the Battle of Endor , and would be regarded as a highly respected ship , with many of its design flaws rectified with the construction of the `` Resurgent '' -class Star Destroyer , a newer , more powerful vessel based on the Old Empire 's dreaded warships .
poke	Max spots some footprints , so he , Brock and May go to find him , while the latter decides to make a payback to that thief .
starwars	Revah carried a blaster pistol and vibroknife for her own protection , but despite this was captured and executed .
muppet	In November of 1987 , Wegman was contacted by Sesame Street producer Arlene Sherman , who invited him to supply short films for the series . Fay was the natural choice to star . Wegman , in voice-over , would narrate and give instructions , and Fay would demonstrate everything from math skills to letter concepts . Beginning in 1993 , Fay was joined by her three pups , all born in 1989 Batty . Other segments , such as `` ABC , '' let the dogs be dogs .
starwars	As a result , Xiono discovered that the First Order was planning to remove dissidents from the `` Colossus '' and to use the station as part of a military supply line for its fleet .
poke	Suddenly , Team Rocket appears in a machine , trying to destroy the mansion and capture the Shroomish .
starwars	Dodonna led the chase against Toora on the Battlecruiser `` Battalion '' , capturing her in the Trasemene system .
starwars	Naboo weapons depot
starwars	Trapped , Leia confirmed that Vader was indeed her father .
starwars	After bringing Zaluna to a safeworld , Kanan Jarrus and Hera Syndulla joined forces and traveled aboard Hera 's ship , the `` Ghost '' .
muppet	Im trying to figure out ways to illustrate the great new Fraggle pages , and the international translations in general . Henrik did a great job adding the names , along with what we already had , and Im gradually adding more images . I loved Los Dinosaurios , but Im trying to decide whether its worth adding it to the Fraggle pages , flesh them out a bit . The alternative is a Sesamo Apriti-type gallery , which Im currently using on Die Muppet Show
starwars	Satisfied , Charal dismissed her servant ; by following the spacer 's own destiny , Charal reasoned , the spacer would serve the witch 's as well .
poke	Brawly wonders why Shauna is fighting , but when Brock explains to Brawly she went to challenge Ash , she shuts his mouth when he mentions `` your girl '' .
poke	By accident , May is pulled inside the machine that takes the berries , so Team Rocket decides to threw her away later on .
poke	The man gather to wish good luck to the hunters , who would like to take the heroes with them to `` witness how Absol is being captured '' .
starwars	Torra says that she is amazed that they made the jump at all with a ship this old .
muppet	The Muppets have appeared on many NBC network shows and specials , including the following The Tonight Show , The Today Show , Late Night with Conan OBrien and its time-slot successor Late Night with Jimmy Fallon , The Jack Paar Program , The Perry Como Winter Show , The Torkelsons , The Cosby Show , The West Wing , Scrubs , 30 Rock , NBCs Funniest Outtakes 2 , Americas Got Talent , Deal or No Deal , NBC Salutes the 25th Anniversary of the Wonderful World of Disney , The Television Academy Hall of Fame , 1 vs 100 , and Happy Birthday , Bob .
muppet	In Episode 116 Avery episode 116 , he covered the battle between Avery Sir Avery of Macho and The Monster of the Moores . Kermit was a member of the press questioning Twiggy in Episode 121 episode 121 , as preamble to the song `` In My Life . ''
starwars	The game was shut down on December 15 , 2011 .
poke	Ash , May and Brock stroke the Sharpedo , seeing they are now friends with these Pokémon .
poke	Max is fascinated and asks his sister to visit the Academy , but Ash reminds that he has a Gym battle to complete .
poke	Team Rocket are affected by Zubat 's Supersonic to distract them , while Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip to get May 's Poké Balls .
muppet	http//holykaw.alltop.com/15-muppet-friendly-facts-about-sesame-street -- Zanimum 0057 , August 5 , 2010
poke	The explosion caused by the Thunderbolt causes Timmy 's Phantom mask to come off , and Timmy notices his parents are there .
starwars	Abilities generally fall into three categories : General , which includes abilities that are usable by all classes ; Class , which are abilities that can be trained by that specific class ; and Advanced Class , which are abilities that are only usable by the player 's advanced class .
poke	Tate is annoyed by being called the last brother , pointing out they are twins and wished that he was born first .
muppet	Hal Rayle is a voice actor who portrayed the animated versions of Miss Piggy Miss Piggy , Animal Animal , and Gonzo Gonzo on Little Muppet Monsters , and reprised the role of Miss Piggy in the Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 808 Eight Flags Over the Eight Flags Over the Nursery '' .
muppet	Jordan Reddout is a writer for The Muppets The Muppets , co-writing the episode `` Episode 109 Going , Going , Going , Going , Gonzo '' and `` Episode 114 Little Green Little Green Lie . ''
poke	While being on Claydol , Jessie demands Claydol to put them back on the ground , while Meowth and James cry for help .
muppet	At least the earliest `` People in Your Neighborhood '' .
muppet	File Street Season 43 Sneak Peek - Elmo The Musical - Sea `` Sea Captain the Musical '' clip
starwars	In 138 ABY Sith Lady and Intelligence Director Darth Maladi was secretly imprisoned there by Hogrum Chalk after she had been found inside a Vong ship in a comatose state .
starwars	In a session of the New Republic Senate , Spaar 's accomplice , Senator Tig Peramis , was given permission by chairman Behn-kihl-nahm to display a broadcast from the `` Aramadia '' to the Senate and from there across the New Republic .
poke	Suddenly , a woman asks when the fog is going away , to which Ash replies he does not know , but then hears Team Rocket talking .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0121 , October 6 , 2009
poke	Timmy wishes there was a way to repay his father , though Ash points out he can do it by doing his best at the Contest .
muppet	So we could add it to the references .
poke	Pikachu goes to attack , but Combusken appears , attacking Team Rocket with Flamethrower .
muppet	Please be sure to check your Message Wall for a welcome message from the admins , important links to be a successful contributor on Muppet Wiki , and any additional messages that members of the community may have left for you .
muppet	Hey G , what it is ?
poke	Team Rocket is scared and James stops the trolley , pushing Meowth from the trolley .
starwars	With Base Prime falling to the Jedi attack , Gev ordered her Mandalorian forces to abandon the base to the Jedi and retreat .
starwars	The disease itself was created through the usage of Sith Alchemy and activated by the Murakami orchid—a highly-Force-sensitive black flower .
poke	They place Meowth in the machine and activate it ; the result is Meowth having evolved into a Persian ( although Meowth wears a costume ) .
poke	Roxanne brings her Geodude , who rolls out and destroys the machine , blasting Team Rocket away .
starwars	Prengalli were first mentioned in `` '' , a reference book written by Jason Fry and released on August 23 , 2016 .
muppet	Id like to weed through those and take out all the unverified `` titles '' . Can you confirm anything on those pages , or do you know anybody else who could ? Ultimately , I want to get rid of all the redlinks -- either we have information on those episodes , or we dont -- but I dont want to take out the real info . --
poke	Meowth rushes to steal the Seedot , but Brock sends Mudkip , who uses Water Gun to push Meowth away .
poke	Oak calls Ash to let him know that at his lab Grass and Water Pokémon fight one another as Bulbasaur was the one keeping peace .
starwars	During that time , it was discovered that Ombra was really Tolvan wearing her skin and a short confrontation ended up freeing the mercenaries .
starwars	This issue includes the comic strip `` Yoda Uncovered '' .
starwars	Most of the members wanted another former smuggler to replace Poyiu ; however , pilot Aven Cholus , a survivor of the Wellte-ir Massacre , was promoted instead .
poke	The cable cart starts shaking , due to the wind , so everyone hopes Ash will return with a team to save them .
muppet	`` Body and Soul '' was performed briefly by Zoot and Rowlf the Rowlf in Episode 304 Gilda episode 304 of The Muppet Show . They were unable to finish the piece because an unfortunate accident that took place earlier in Muppet Labs # Super Muppet Labs caused them to become glued to their instruments .
starwars	The first edition of `` Galaxy Guide 1 : A New Hope '' ends with Na'al formulating the beginning to a story he would tell based on his research .
muppet	Hi , Henrik ! Thanks for finding that Sesam tape . I didnt even know there was one . Do you know where you found it ? Im trying to find a catalog number for it . Thanks ! --
poke	James and Meowth tell Jessie that nobody is going to believe that those are her ribbons , so Jessie gives them back , while Meowth and James ask their balloon to be doused .
starwars	Believed by many to be insane , Evazan was searching for a way to allow one to live forever , and frequently tested his experiments on unwitting subjects .
muppet	Outside of Fantasy Island and Sesame Street , Villechaize played Nick Nack , the murderous henchman to Scaramanga , in the James Bond film The Man with the Golden Gun . His other movie credits included such varied titles as The Gang Who Couldnt Shoot Straight , Seizure , Forbidden Zone , and Airplane II The Sequel . His brother , Patrick Villechaize , directed episodes of the Fraggle Rock French co-production of Fraggle Rock .
starwars	Delt Nerris
starwars	The kitchen was staffed by service droids , and could produce enough food for a large banquet , which C'airam usually reserved for distinguished guests .
muppet	Preceding the release of Singing Abby Cadabby by Fisher-Price , she was named a `` 2007 Hot Property '' by Variety .
muppet	In audio commentary on the films DVD , and in interviews , director Frank Oz expressed initial reluctance to helm a family film , hoping to gravitate towards drama
muppet	File Fashion Show Muppet Babies Play Date Disney `` Piggys Fashion July 18 , 2019 } }
starwars	They located their cargo aboard the station within that time and loaded it aboard the `` Hinthra '' ; although it was sealed inside a cargo pod , Helrot peeked inside and discovered that the cargo consisted of several unarmed magnetic pulse warheads .
starwars	`` First Contact '' was subsequently reprinted in `` Tales from the Empire '' and on .
muppet	Hey , Guilelrmo ! When you get a chance , take a look at Talk Whistle a Happy Tune . Id like to remove that , since it seems fairly clear theyre the same sketch , but since youve seen the episodes concerned and Peter and I havent , Id appreciate your input . Thanks ! --
starwars	The annexation was first mentioned in `` The Essential Guide to Warfare '' , an extensive dedicated to the conflicts in the galaxy .
starwars	Instead , the decision was made to send in a Special Forces team to infiltrate Sarne 's headquarters and disable the defenses to allow the task force assigned to the liberation to capture the planet .
poke	Ash wishes to enter the ruins , though Alden reports it needs four keys to do so .
muppet	Being on the `` news strip '' helped them a great deal `` Youd have national news , international news , weather , sports ... and Kermit ! ''
muppet	File and Walter at YouTube Space L.A . The Kermit and Walter at YouTube Space Announcement video posted May 4 , 2015 } }
poke	Brock confirms they are training , for Ash requires a calm mind and patience , rather than a strategy .
starwars	Following secret hyperspace routes that Vandron had discovered , they settled the systems around a nebula on the edge of the Mid Rim that was later named Thull 's Shroud in Vandron 's honor .
starwars	He worked with Chris Trevas to illustrate `` The New Essential Guide to Alien Species '' , providing roughly half of the book 's artworks .
muppet	Marvel is relaunching The Punisher , and the art style is now definitively Muppet-like . Does it count ? -- Zanimum 0105 , March 23 , 2011
starwars	In the time long before the Great Hyperspace War , Zildrog was used on various planets in Wild Space , including a primitive world known as Zakuul , where the survivors came to worship it as a mythical dragon god .
starwars	Ordnance and Supply , also known as OaS , was a part of the command of the Alliance to Restore the Republic and was headed by the Chief of Ordnance and Supply .
starwars	A member of the Chattza clan , he was killed when he , along with a group of other henchmen , attempted to assassinate the Jedi Knight Ki-Adi-Mundi during a skiff ride through the Jundland Wastes .
poke	Jessie and James claim Anthony abandoned it , but the heroes do not believe such a fact .
poke	Ash reminds her the tougher the battle , the better the challenge is for him and Pikachu .
muppet	Just parking this here for now as theres no room on the page . It shows the manner in which the Muppets were credited on the album
starwars	The Keep was the scene of their demise , as Wyyrlok slew nearly all of them before forcing Gerlun , the only survivor of his wrath , to lead him to Andeddu 's hidden sanctum .
starwars	This act forced a number of Sith to flee into space where they were led by a Sith who had arisen to take Naga Sadow 's place as the new Dark Lord .
poke	The heroes are near the road that should take them to Mauville City , but Steelix blocks their path .
starwars	Guerra and Paxxi planned to hide the guards ' bodies to avoid being detected , but suddenly the comlink of one of the guards activated , the person on the other side of the line requesting a report .
poke	Brock explains sometimes massaging the pressure points can heal some problems , like fatigue or exhaustion .
poke	Ash and Pikachu spend time with the Pokémon , waiting for the others to arrive .
starwars	Garn
muppet	`` Children of Tomorrow '' is a song from the fourth season Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 406 A Tune for A Tune for Two '' .
muppet	In The Muppet Show Episode 502 Loretta episode 502 , Gonzo tells Loretta Swit that he hadnt laughed so much since hed seen Earthquake , after her performance of `` I Feel the Earth Move '' .
starwars	It took a group of orphans down from the `` Acclamator '' -class assault ship `` Candaserri '' to the planet Bespin during the Clone Wars .
muppet	Arthur Hewlett was a British character actor who played the royal page in The StoryTeller episode `` Episode 103 A Story A Story Short . ''
starwars	Gritz
muppet	Anyone know who performed Jack in season 4 ? -- Scarecroe 0110 , 18 Dec 2005
starwars	It was created as both practical and computer-generated models .
poke	Ash 's Swellow uses Wing Attack , although Brock warns he is using the wrong attack .
poke	Seeing this is a perfect time to grab Pikachu , James sends Cacnea to attack with Pin Missile , but Pikachu uses Iron Tail , deflecting the attack back at Team Rocket .
poke	Joy reports the cold got severe , and Ralts would n't made it if it arrived an hour later .
poke	The Treecko comes with water , pouring the water to the tree 's roots and setting a bush near it .
muppet	For the second picture , CLamanatha added the sentence `` His eyes are blue . '' Is this true ? --
poke	Meowth identifies the Pokémon to be a Shiftry and begins to imagine his boss waking up in hot summer day and Shiftry would fan him and cool him down .
starwars	Gleezwuq was the only member of Blix 's gang that Windy did not know the location of .
starwars	Upon reaching the outskirts of Capital City , Zeb and Sabine scanned the horizon with macrobinoculars and Zeb noticed that the factories were n't producing smoke where he proclaimed to Sabine that `` the Empire does n't give days off '' which led to their suspicions of the cause .
starwars	This group of fanatics sought to execute a plan that would see the Dragon God whom is their namesake destroy the still nascent superpower .
starwars	Some time later , Yoda called a Jedi Council meeting again , to inform his fellow Jedi about what had been so troubling him .
muppet	The 12 Days of Christmas The SS gang sing the 12 days of Christmas .
starwars	The Skills implant was an upgraded version of the skills package .
muppet	Michaels question about the YouTube links is a good one ... My feeling is that we should take the links down if its on the web player . Theyre official , theyre faster and theyre better quality clips , so I dont see why we should include the YouTube links as well . The only thing that the YouTube links have in their favor is that you can link directly to the specific clip , which
poke	Tyranitar is about to use Hyper Beam , but Meowth cancels the attack with Fury Swipes .
muppet	Im gon na go ahead and create Die Muppets - Das Original-Hörspiel zum Film and Die Muppets - Original Film-Soundtrack , but please feel free to jump in and help !
starwars	Work areas in these lower levels were primarily operated by the sentient Ugnaughts , who performed the monotonous and sometimes dangerous work while bathed in red light , which was the preferred color for the species and also increased their productivity .
poke	James and Meowth try to calm her down , but Jessie is insulted and continues attacking .
muppet	I answered your question on my talk page , but I wanted to ask you something . What year or years do your Sight
muppet	Parking this image here before I forget ; Enrique suggested that this Bert , seen on Good Morning America , looked slightly different than the puppet currently used . Not to repeat the text below , but I believe its the same puppet from a different perspective in dimmer lighting . I wish I was able to get more screengrabs of Bert from GMA to prove my point
poke	Dustox uses Poison Sting , but Beautifly evades and uses Tackle , knocking Dustox away .
starwars	Fill casserole with blue milk , cover , bake at medium heat until tender .
muppet	The Sesame Street 1981 Poster Calendar with Super Stickers is a Sesame Street calendar published by Drawing Board . The calendar included 12 full-page poster-style illustrations , featuring Ernie , Bert , Big Bird , Cookie Monster , Grover , Oscar the Grouch , Little Bird , Rubber Duckie Rubber Duckie , Grovers Mommy and Betty Lou .
muppet	I laughed out loud at the new Characters Whose Names Sound a Bit Rude image . -- Andrew , Aleal 0235 , 22 March 2006
muppet	According to this page , `` Everyone Likes Ice Cream '' is from the broadcast version
muppet	Reason Im asking is because the script for Episode 0837 lists `` Imagination Turtles `` which I think is `` Ten Turtles '' because its listed in the script for
starwars	These Sith were disillusioned by their knowledge of the Tribe 's true history and saw the `` Omen '' as the last remnant of the Tribe 's `` inglorious past '' which needed to be destroyed .
poke	However , the attack is redirected to a mountain , so rocks fall down , forcing Meowth to turn around , but the machine trips over .
starwars	Following the disastrous Testament Day which destroyed Hilts ' beloved archive , he and Jaye resolved to unseal the ancient Kesh Sith Temple and the starship `` Omen '' in order to find the secrets aboard the vessel which might hold the key to the Tribe 's survival .
starwars	Attimun was immediately arrested and later revealed to have become enraged with the Republic after the death of his wife and two children during the Clone Wars .
muppet	It might be best if you found something else to work on here on Muppet Wiki instead of repeating or rephrasing similar questions about footage none of us here have seen or have access to .
muppet	In 2008 , work began on the attraction that would become Spaghetti Space Chase . The project was originally going to be a new version of E.T . Adventure at Universal Studios Florida . This concept was abandoned . Barbee explained `` The decision was made to do something more current instead . ET is very beloved but we have to stay up-to-date - there havent been any new ET movies produced recently '' .
starwars	They disabled the deadly beacon after cutting through several clone troopers , and saw the Temple littered with the bodies of fallen Jedi , including younglings , who had been slaughtered with a lightsaber .
poke	How will this clash of Aqua vs. Magma go down , and can Ash and co. help the boy save his Nincada ?
muppet	Right now , this passage has a cite tag `` The campaign does not represent every Muppet fan ; some fans feel that multiple puppeteers should be allowed the opportunity to perform the Muppet characters . '' Im not exactly sure what the problem is with the statement , except perhaps the second `` some fans '' part , and I dont know if its worthwhile to try to dig up old Muppet Central posts . Outside of that , it would be impossible to cite a `` source '' for the fact that others may disagree . The statement itself seems to come from the very first discussion on this page . Is there a way to rework this ? If not , we might as well just remove it , since better to have no acknowledgement of opposing views than a vague statement with a honking cite tag . --
poke	Roderick sends Bellsprout and uses Vine Whip ; May grabs the vine and holds Drew 's hand , but she slips away and they both fall into the river .
poke	May refuses to give up , and has Skitty use Assist , which turns into Gust that negates Hyper Beam attack .
poke	The next day , Brock , Ash and Max ask May to come to do grocery shopping , but she says she needs to practice with Bulbasaur , who is nervous .
muppet	The song references many classic holiday tunes including `` Frosty the Snowman '' , `` Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer '' , `` The Twelve Days of Christmas '' , `` Jingle Bells '' , `` I Saw Three Ships '' , `` We Three Kings '' , `` Deck the Halls '' , `` We Wish You a Merry Christmas '' , `` Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! `` , `` Santa Claus Is Coming to Town '' , `` Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas '' , `` White Christmas '' , `` The Christmas The Christmas Song `` and `` Its Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas '' .
muppet	I think these stores were around earlier than the 1990s . We had one out here in CA in the 1980s , even before Disney created The Disney Store . Did anybody else have one near them or remember when their store was open ? --
poke	Brock thinks they could just have some time off and wait until the next boat arrives .
starwars	When the rumors of Darth Krayt 's death reached to the remnants of the Jedi Council , the surviving Jedi decided to join the fight alongside the newly formed coalition between Fel 's resistance and the surviving Galactic Alliance forces led by Gar Stazi .
starwars	Beating Antilles earns the mission 's gold medal .
muppet	Prior to the Creature Shop , Norrington had worked on Sherlock Young Sherlock Holmes , was a notorious box-office flop . Norrington returned to mostly design and effects , working as an illustrator on Blade Trinity and sculpting creatures for The Exorcist The Beginning and Harbinger Down .
starwars	Believing that he now had a stalemate against Krayt 's Empire , Fel sent Captain Mingo Bovark to propose an alliance to Admiral Gar Stazi of the Galactic Alliance Remnant—which also opposed Krayt 's Empire—aboard The Wheel , which was well-known for its neutrality .
muppet	Muppet Puzzle Blocks is a Sesame Street toy set made by Knickerbocker in 1978 . The three foam-filled blocks are printed with pictures of Ernie , Bert , Big Bird , Grover , Oscar the Grouch and Cookie Monster . The heads , torsos and legs can be arranged to create the characters , or mix them up .
muppet	Bryant Young
starwars	The theft of the gravity well projector would make a difference in later battles , and the techniques that Thrawn developed from this helped secure him many victories .
poke	Ken and Mary 's vehicle begins to spin Team Rocket 's balloon and releases an electric surge , blasting them off .
starwars	Skywalker prompted Daren to find somewhere to hide and leapt towards the ensuing battle .
muppet	The band has played periodic gigs through 2011 , often around the Halloween season , and has been well-reviewed by local publications in San Francisco and Portland . SF Weekly named Cookie Mongoloid the `` Best Concept Band '' in 2004 `` Cookie Mongoloid is the ultimate in Sesame Street violation . Its all your favorite childhood songs ... souped up and turned out by homicidal maniacs armed with cookie cannons . ''
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- MuppetVJ Talk ) 2003 , September 12 , 2010
muppet	The first episode aired on NRK on February 25 , 1991 . In the beginning , the plan was to produce 77 episodes all written by Eyvind Skeie . In 1992 , Skeie left the production after finishing his contract of 77 episodes . At the same time , NRK decided that they wanted to make another 250 episodes to run through 2006 .
poke	Everyone goes outside , where Marcel yells out one of the Slakoth must be chosen to evolve into Vigoroth so they can battle Snorlax .
poke	Ash , Brock , May and Max then bid farewell to Captain Stern and Marius as they go to Mauville City .
poke	Tommy apologizes for the inconvenience , but Max claims it was no trouble at all .
poke	However , the next screen shows May has to battle Savannah , which leaves the two stunned .
starwars	If they did escape , the orbs would release a toxin into their blood stream and they would die .
poke	James is reading and is shocked the woman who defeated them before is a Gym Leader .
poke	Max tries to find Team Rocket 's footprints , but is reminded by May they flew off in the balloon .
poke	Meowth and Jessie make a distraction , saying they saw an UFO , but James still continues to run , so their plan fails .
poke	May thanks him for the advice , but Harley smiles , for he gave bad advice to her .
muppet	Well , its definitely a Jim voice . Maybe the attitude isnt . But its definitely something that comes from a lot of Jims characters . But , yeah , I guess thats a good example . Hes pretty plain , Hes just a bear , you know ? He just likes to eat and watch TV , and whatever happens happens kind of thing .
starwars	The most prominent feature was a large dome amidships , thought by Alliance observers to house cloaking equipment , but for the most part the planes of the armored hull were as blank as an expanse of duracrete , interrupted only by recessed weapons mountings .
muppet	Get it ? Jackman Wolf , a Muppet Video Jockey !
muppet	Making the rounds Early in the New Year , The Muppets made the rounds to promote Disneys Give a Day . Get a Disney Day campaign with appearances on Americas Funniest Home Videos and Extreme Makeover Home Edition .
starwars	The cruiser could carry two dozen TIE/fo space superiority fighters as well as a `` Xi '' -class light shuttle in an onboard hangar .
starwars	Her mother Nomi , however , used the Force to make the two beasts attack each other , and took her daughter to safety .
poke	Charmander and Torchic use Ember , Mudkip and Lombre use Water Gun , and Skitty uses Blizzard , which cracks the machine .
muppet	And in general , the shadow behind the text is kind of bugging me -- it looks blurry , like youre not quite focusing on it . Is it okay if we try something else ?
muppet	Hardisons other credits include appearances on Everybody Hates Chris , My Name Is Earl , The Love The Love Boat The Next Wave , and the Disney Channel series K. C. Undercover .
muppet	Eric the Parrot is a heartless pirate parrot who disguises himself as a penguin in Episode 507 Glenda episode 507 .
muppet	Although the production code for this episode is 120
starwars	In the , a text box above Fordo reads as `` The ARC trooper commander gives the all-clear signal . ''
starwars	The Demirian stronghold was a fortress on Demir , used by the Demirians during the First Order 's attack on their planet .
poke	Skitty uses Assist , which turns into Fire Spin and Houndoom uses Shadow Ball , hitting Seviper and Cacnea again .
muppet	I was wondering if this episode might fit into the Environmentalism category . The idea of not chopping up the tree for firewood but instead leaving it there to save the possums home certainly seems to fit the theme .
muppet	Savion Glover played Savion on Sesame Street from 1989 to 1995 . He also choreographed the remake of `` A New Way to Walk '' for Sesame Street Jam A Musical Celebration .
starwars	Kills
poke	Team Rocket receives those Poké Balls , while the fake ones are distributed inside the Pokémon Center .
starwars	Continuing his inspection , Harles came across dozens of dead bodies , some only kids , and some corpses that appeared to have been mutilated after death .
muppet	For characters performed almost exclusively in this manner , see the Creatures category .
poke	Meowth is angry , since they invested a lot of time in catching Pikachu , but Max reminds Meowth proposed first they should get seek others in the first place .
poke	Shelly sends Crawdaunt to watch over them , threatening to hurt them if they try to move .
muppet	According to the GFDL this appears to be okay , but I just want to make sure . I can stick an attribution into the episode overview in order to follow GFDL rules . Thanks ! Glindsey1979 1527 , 3 June 2009
poke	To save the village , the sage transformed himself to a beautiful maiden , dancing and singing to lure Claydol out .
muppet	Which version of `` Air '' is on this album ? --
poke	A boy is polishing a stone in the lighthouse , but Team Rocket appears , capturing the child and taking the Light Stone he was polishing .
muppet	The repeated abuse would sometimes lead Wontkins to try and outsmart Wilkins by proclaiming his love for Wilkins Coffee , but Wilkins would generally see through this and pummel Wontkins anyway . This no-win scenario sometimes made for commercials like this
poke	Meanwhile , Jessie and Meowth ( disguised ) advertise Juan 's performance ( who is actually James ) .
poke	Treecko evades Seviper 's Poison Tail , then starts spinning and pounds Seviper .
muppet	In Episode 506 Brooke episode 506 , Floyd portrayed the role of the Catepillar in the Muppets performance of Alice in Wonderland .
muppet	Similarly , I wonder if it should include times when the performers had to do things that they were scared to do , even if they ended up unharmed afterwards .
starwars	Following Emperor Darth Krayt 's decree that the Mon Calamari of Dac were to be exterminated , Faniel and a group of Mon Calamari descended into the depths of their world 's oceans to avoid being killed .
muppet	Introducing guest George Stephanopoulos `` My guest tonight is , I believe , an imaginary pundit that only Big Bird can see . '' This is an allusion to Stephanopouloss name sounding similar to that of Mr. Snuffleupagus .
muppet	Is this Victor ? It just said `` unidentified helper '' in the article for the Sesame Street Workshop 35th Anniversary Gala , June 4 , 2003 . --
poke	Pikachu starts believing and once Ash comes to him , Pikachu turns his back on him .
poke	Ash and Max compliment Snorunt , seeing it is a decent battler , so Snorunt shows the badge case .
starwars	Antilles asked for another date , as he was very interested in her .
muppet	This article says that this song appears in `` Sprockets Big Adventure '' , but thats not on that episodes page ... Did it have a different name on Fraggle Rock ? --
muppet	Hi , Ken -- heres http//cgi.ebay.com/Lovable-MUPPETS-SESAME-STREET-3-LP-Box-Set-RARE-/280710890109 an Ebay listing for an Australian Sesame set . Did we know about this one ? --
starwars	The warriors finally realized that something was amiss , forcing Solo to battle them .
poke	Suddenly , the heroes arrive to the scene , as Brock has Forretress uses Rapid Spin and Taillow Quick Attack to set them free .
muppet	Link is expecting a toupee , which Fozzie mistakes for a Frisbee . A handcuff salesman comes in to sell them some handcuffs . Fozzie and Link get handcuffed together and then robbed . .
poke	Brock and Max point out Mauville City is not far ahead , pleasing Ash he will obtain his third badge .
starwars	He was eventually rescued by Havoc Squad during th A-77 operation .
poke	They stop for a bit to eat lunch , but realize nobody brought lunch , thinking the other side brought some .
starwars	The Jedi Shadow Celeste Morne , along with Carrick and Hierogryph , stowed away aboard Pulsipher 's ship , and upon uncovering the Mandalorians ' plans on Jebble , Carrick decided to warn the Republic .
muppet	Sadly my copy of this special is missing the closing credits so someone with the credits might be able to answer this easily and squash all debate and worry ... Whats the source on the `` User/Cecil the so-and-so the whatever '' naming of all of these characters ? In all of the on-screen dialog they just go by their names - such as `` Milton the Golden Milton '' or `` Blanche the Blanche '' ; not once as `` Milton the Golden Toad '' or `` Blanche the Chameleon '' . Do these extended names come from the credits or some other official source . Or have the fans just blurred the name and species into one unofficial title over time ?
starwars	The great hall was decorated with a number of chandeliers , wall-mounted light fixtures , several potted plants , and a portrait of the leader of Clan Wren displayed over the throne .
muppet	On the Hot Dog ! page , you changed 1980s to 1980s . I thought we were using the apostrophe . In other news , Ryan said that he might put together a Style Guide for us ... -- Danny Toughpigs 2301 , 15 February 2006
muppet	I finally got it working now . Thanks . MasterYoshi 1616 , 22 April 2006
poke	Ludicolo uses Water Gun on the machine , which malfunctions and falls into the hole , but Pikachu is dragged down as well .
starwars	Ubote 1 was a CR90 corvette in the service of the Alliance to Restore the Republic .
starwars	The only way was to destroy its power source which was the grid 's power control station on the tenth floor .
poke	While Max , Ash and Brock climb up , May plays the role of a detective to find the mysteries of the ship .
starwars	Nym , Sage , and the Naboo pilot Rhys Dallows teamed up to attack a Federation factory on Eos , then stole armaments in a dogfight over Naboo .
starwars	Street Drama is a roleplaying adventure outline in the September 1996 `` Shadows of the Empire Planets Guide '' , published by West End Games for `` '' as part of the `` '' multimedia project .
starwars	Gonkian was the rudimentary word-based language capable of being spoken by some GNK power droids .
muppet	File Street Explores National Parks Gateway National Recreation Area -- Habitats
poke	Max checks the map on his PokéNav , seeing that the city is about a day away from where they are .
muppet	I am Sebastian , I edit Fandom Wikis from small-time-wonders like the Dragonology Fandom Wiki , to middle-class Fandom Wikis like United States Fandom Wiki , Rsroleplay Fandom Wiki , and the Skateboarding Fandom Wiki . To the even greater Fandom Wikis like Halos Fandom Wiki .
muppet	Youre awesome . --
muppet	Do we know that Do It on My Own is the same song from Fraggle Rock ? --
poke	The audience is a bit scared by its look , which makes Harley glad they do n't talk during their performance .
poke	Flannery and Mr. Moore cheer , though Flannery realizes the judge is actually her grandfather .
poke	Maxie tells them Groudon summons volcanoes to expand the land and dispel the thunderstorms that caused floods .
poke	However , they know that Team Rocket 's balloon could n't lift it , so Sigourney promises he will think of a way .
poke	Brawly also warns , sometimes , the water can spout out , so both trainers need to be aware of that danger as well .
muppet	Danny and I were talking , and I guess its never been a clear policy about whether we should italicize and bold a book or album title when its at the beginning of an article page . How does everybody else feel about it ? --
muppet	They also show grainy clips of Ben Vereen on The Muppet Show .
poke	Meanwhile , the old man still gives advice : to achieve a better appearance , the Pokémon should eat Poké Blocks of berries with better qualities .
muppet	To keep the list from being unwieldy , Im excluding tiny clips from episodes that appear on compilation tapes , and movies
poke	At the battlefield , Rocky tells Ash it would be better to have a Double Battle , which Ash accepts .
starwars	Meanwhile , Tula Markona finds Skywalker gazing out the window at the stars .
poke	Wobbuffet gets out of the Poké Ball , causing it to hold a rope , Swampy hears the cans that have been tied to the rope , so he goes out to look .
muppet	This page includes a picture of the reissue of this book . I wasnt aware that it was reissued , but what year was it reissued ? Considering that the original release had Kermit on the cover and the reissue cover doenst , I wouldnt be surprised if it was reissued in 2004 or later , perhaps due to copyright issues with Disney . -- User Minor muppetz 0016 , 3 March 2007
poke	On October 27 , 2011 , 4Kids and the executives of former financial company Lehman Brothers reached a deal , after Lehman had improperly invested most of 4Kids funds in auction rate securities .
poke	Ash sends out his Corphish and Pikachu to battle against Mightyena , alongside Sealeo .
poke	Jessie is not certain if that fake cheering or the claim about friendship is worse .
starwars	Dathis Elgin was a Human male who served as an Imperial advisor to House Thul during the Cold War .
starwars	Now possessing firm proof that the Empire had built a superweapon , the various leading Rebel politicians could not decide what to do about it , as most of them were terrified of the Death Star 's destructive potential .
poke	Thankfully , Timmy shows up just in time , admitting he had trouble with his mother .
muppet	For the same publisher , Manning wrote text for My First Peanuts 1 2 3 A Counting Adventure . He authored a number of English language childrens books for Shichida Educational Institute in Japan .
starwars	For sublight propulsion , the `` Imperial '' -class relied on an array of three primary Destroyer-I ion engines produced by KDY specifically for the vessels .
starwars	In the game 's interpretation of the mission to Skytop Station , General Grievous is absent , and the Republic squad is divided into two groups : Skywalker and Tano lead the first , while Rex and Denal comprise the second .
starwars	A strike team of Jedi , led by Jedi Master Kyp Durron and Doctor Toval Seyah was assembled with the purpose of infiltrating the station and sabotaging it , preventing it from falling into Solo 's hands .
starwars	Tyber kept her around and she even managed to grow on him , though he loathed to admit it .
poke	Nurse Joy mentions the Camerupt Point where they could place Lunatone to restore its energy .
poke	Torchic prepares for battle , but Skitty does not want to battle May , as it looks sick .
poke	Meg uses Flamethrower and Treecko dodges the attack , but gets its leg burned , due to intense heat .
starwars	Outside of the Star Wars universe , the studio is known for its work on the animation of television shows like and , or video games like .
poke	Bulbasaur grabs May with a vine , going off , so Ash goes with her , while Venusaur observes .
poke	Later on , the Contest is about to start ; the Coordinators are in place , among which May , Drew and Grace are seen .
muppet	Look both ways before you cross the street
poke	The heroes have arrived to Mauville City , where Ash is going to battle for his third badge .
muppet	Although the series was under contract for five seasons , it was abruptly canceled after production had ended on its fourth season , effectively ending the series on a cliffhanger . Co-producer Brian Henson later secured the rights to Farscape , paving the way for a four-hour miniseries entitled Farscape The Peacekeeper Wars , which Henson himself directed . A comic book miniseries published by BOOM ! Studios from December 2008 to June 2009 that was in the continuity of both the series and the proposed webisodes . It was followed by an ongoing series and four more miniseries from 2009 to 2010 .
starwars	He also killed the two officers the PCBU was providing backup for .
muppet	I noticed that the text in Jim Hensons Designs and Doodles Jim Hensons Designs and Doodles mentions Sclrap Flyapp as being part of the broadway show idea . The sketch drawing on page 119 show the Hugga Wugga charcters and not Sclrap Flyapp characters . Could it be a error in the text of the book ? User Henrik 1352 , 8 March 2007
poke	They call for help , but quickly hide , seeing Tabitha , who is looking through his binoculars and the heroes realize this is Team Magma 's submarine .
muppet	Elmo recorded http//www.facebook.com/photo.php ? v=546073289121 a short video message to `` little Bergies '' .
muppet	Hi there . I just wanted to remind you that contributions to this wiki are expected to adhere to a Neutral Point of View . Weve mentioned this here a few times . Can you respond so we know youre getting our messages ? Thanks . Scott
muppet	Did Elmo indeed appear in December ? -- Zanimum 1502 , January 7 , 2010
poke	They hear a woman calling for Spinda , which makes Brock in love , but the Spinda runs off .
poke	Just as Jessie stalks , Pikachu turns around and notices her , so she goes back .
poke	Breloom uses Iron Tail , but is canceled by Combusken 's Peck , knocking it over a wall .
poke	Seeing she has a point , James will give her his Chimecho , who wraps its tail around his eyes .
starwars	Sorna thus sent the spacer to the Lars homestead to place the flowers for her .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 0916 , 10 September 2010
poke	The man , Professor Birch , states both Pokémon are fine , and surprises the heroes for his presence .
muppet	This page is in need of clean-up . Please see Episode 2096 as an example of the format used for individual Sesame Street episodes . --
poke	Team Rocket enjoys the nature , but a Pokémon carrying Nurse Joy passes by , startling Team Rocket , causing them to fall down .
muppet	Madeline is crew member working on the musical Bats , which Gonzo and Jason Alexander are attempting to put on in Episode 108 Jason episode 108 of Muppets Tonight . She is assigned the task of painting the sets after Gonzo has approved of a color shes picked out .
muppet	April 6 , 1973 Frank and I go to Kennedy Child Center . Meet with Mike Eisner ABC - go ahead .
poke	Meanwhile , Hansen tells Team Rocket he needs Togepi to proclaim himself as the King , to begin a new age .
poke	Jimmy also shows them the Cascade Badge , as Ash and Brock think Jimmy battled Misty .
muppet	For anyone wanting to add outside of parking images from existing articles , a good rule of thumb is probably to think whether the image serves a purpose beyond having a blank background My own instinct is to just plain delete anything from someone whos banned unless we actually find a specific use for it .
muppet	Hey , Justin ! I love the pictures you drew that you put on your user page . I cant draw at all , so Im always in awe of those who can . Thanks for sharing ! --
starwars	Moon of Kyzring
poke	Volbeat takes the ring , Taillow uses Wing Attack , hurting Volbeat , who drops the ring .
starwars	After the death of King Alaric the whole sector including this planet , left the Republic and joined the Confederacy of Independent Systems .
starwars	The Crèche elder was familiar with Tekka but told him he had left a long time ago .
poke	While Rico tries to find Arbok and Weezing , he encounters the heroes and Jenny , the latter marking it clear he is to be arrested .
poke	Master is one of the songs in Pikachu 's Jukebox and the second track from the album `` '' .
poke	Before going , Harley tells May her opponent 's Surskit is slow , so she should have her Pokémon move closer to it to attack .
starwars	Rune Haako panicked and tried to escape , but was quickly killed by Vader ( seen in the film ) , but Nute stayed hidden .
starwars	A large banner extending down to the ground floor from as high as the top of the room was prominently displayed , with the Alliance Starbird being prominently displayed in white contrasting with the primarily blue fabric .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the talk2green page .
starwars	While stationed on Coruscant during the final days of the Republic , Fox carried a DC-15S blaster carbine .
muppet	The Squire is the wealthy village land owner in the Mother Goose Stories episode `` Episode 11 Boy Boy Blue . '' The squire hires Little Boy Blue ( Mother Goose Little Boy Blue to watch over his The Sheep and the sheep and cow and keep the animals out of the meadow and out of the corn .
poke	While Nincada is digging under Jessie 's supervision , James and Meowth are remodeling the base .
starwars	She opened the gates out of Corellia for them , but when Moloch and the White Worms began to drag Qi'ra to their den to make her pay for her treason , Sharest apathetically left the young woman to her fate and closed the door , reporting that Qi'ra was an unauthorized traveler and ignoring Han 's pleas to reopen the gate .
starwars	Despite the fact that Dorvan sat down to the table ten minutes late , he was successful in the tournament .
muppet	Be sure to subscribe to the Princess YouTube channel to stay updated on the latest cruise deals , news , and customer reviews http//www.youtube.com/princesscruises
poke	Vicky also wishes Vito would understand he should seek out his dreams on the journey and fulfill them , while his family is always with him .
poke	Julie states Skitty was able to use the attacks of any of May 's Pokémon , through Assist .
poke	The rock is crushed , so Ash and Pikachu start training , to strengthen Pikachu 's tail .
muppet	Still I can understand wanting to merge , and video surfacing in several cases renders the pages a lot more moot
poke	Ash states Pikachu will be his best friend , no matter what , as they are taken by the stream .
muppet	WOW ! --
starwars	They are provided to the player during Rebel Alliance `` The Battle of Hoth '' mission and may be built at other times during the campaign .
starwars	The captured lightsaber Kit Fisto examines in Grievous ' castle belonged to Jedi Master Neebo .
starwars	`` Skreej '' was written by Mike Kennedy , lettered by Steve Dutro , and pencilled by Francisco Ruiz Velasco .
poke	Team Rocket overhears that , and as usual , Meowth makes a fantasy about his boss having Anorith and Lileep restoring his `` primal instinct '' to bond with nature , so they go to capture them .
muppet	Also Im not too excited about the title `` Karate Transcript '' . The skits dont have names
muppet	Im not sure why a citation was requested for Carroll Spinneys role in at least two skits from the 1969 series , but as one of the skits is commercially available on the A
poke	Ash and co. are having a good time swimming at a lake when a crew of Lotad appeared and threw them out of the pool .
poke	Leisure Concepts was co-founded on April 28 , 1970 , by Mike Germakian ( later who would be known as one of the creators of ThunderCats ) and Stan Weston ( the creator of G.I .
poke	When they realize nothing happened , a wave takes the submarine into the sea 's depths .
starwars	However , he warned Assam that dereliction of duty was a `` selfish act '' for any Imperial Knight .
poke	She reminds Bulbasaur this is not a forest , saying one needs to buy from a store and not take it for free .
muppet	A pair of Dancing Sacks appeared in Episode 504 Shirley episode 504 of The Muppet Show . Their act was poorly received by the audience , compelling Kermit the Frog to tell Fozzie Bear to cut it short . The pink sack accused the gold sack of having no sense of rhythm . The gold sack replied , `` Aw , shut up you old bag ! ''
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 2344 , August 3 , 2010
starwars	He agreed on the condition that Braden help him with some of his business in exchange .
muppet	That thing you have on the Tough Pigs Blog is an April Fools day joke , right ? Rankin
poke	Meanwhile , Wattson befriends an Electrike , wondering if it can do any attacks .
starwars	The CGI model used in the film is slightly visually larger than two times the length of an AT-TE , rather than significantly larger as implied by the databank .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , hitting Camerupt , but not damaging it , as it is Ground-type Pokémon .
muppet	The characters who also appeared in animated form in `` The Street We Live On '' are
poke	Ash is angry and sends Corphish to use Crabhammer , but Corphish faints from Whiscash 's Water Pulse .
starwars	They eventually sold their daughter to keep her hidden , but were captured and executed by the assassin Ochi before they could return for her .
poke	Brock realizes Pelipper 's Steel Wing on the ground nullifies electrical attacks .
muppet	His main page lists him as a large lavender live hand , but his name appears on the lavender page . Which is correct ? Looks like a live hand to me . Garrettk41 2327 , 25 January 2009
poke	May thinks Jimmy is quite lucky , but he admits he is not skilled enough to be a judge nor a trainer .
starwars	Contestants were required to tilt their Podracers to the side so that they would be thin enough to make it through the dangerously narrow formation .
muppet	And I like the idea of seeing what the last/last-known appearance is . I think somebody once proposed a `` last known appearance '' template but it was decided thatd be too complicated or something .
poke	Elijah feels it is an obligation to show the people movies , even if he does not get paid .
starwars	Included in the laboratory was the station 's supposed construction site , Distna .
starwars	The crew decides to try to get the `` Falcon '' back and they head to Mos Eisley , but Ben tells Luke that he has something for him from his father , the lightsaber owned by his father during the Clone Wars .
muppet	October 2004 `` A Window to the World '' is the theme for this issue of the magazine . This issue of the magazine is specially designed to introduce readers to international Sesame Street productions . Global Grover is the readers guide to help them see the view beyond their backyard . Ernie Kwiat , Cynthia Jabar , Christopher Corr , Anita and Steve Shevett , Dagmar Fehlau , Stef de Reuver , Joe Ewers , Paul Meisel , Colleen Pidel and Bob Berry provided illustrations for this issue . This issue also includes content from Sesame Street Sign Language ABC with Linda Bove .
starwars	Sometime prior to 5000 BBY , a Sith stealth regiment of the old Sith Empire settled the secluded Force nexus of Thule .
poke	James and Meowth claim they are the cheaters , but Ash reminds them they stole Pikachu in the first place .
muppet	She later re-appeared in `` Episode 119 The Birthday The Birthday Moose , '' chiseling out the Birthday Bird from a block of ice in her Arctic environment .
starwars	Shortly after learning that the Hutts have fled to Jabba 's Palace on Tatooine , the Brothers and Death Watch launched a small attack to give Jabba a last chance to join them .
muppet	Youve probably been watching that user , but they recently added the complete `` Comic Capers '' and `` Great Muppet Cartoon Show ''
poke	Medicham uses Meditate and High Jump Kick , as May sees this is a combination attack .
muppet	Well , between BradFraggle and myself , weve added all the major recurring characters . Im thinking here of the six or so full-body puppets recycled for one-shots , extras , and recurring minor characters . Right now , not sure just how or even if to note the re-uses on the character pagesm , as we create them , but heres some general notes , for now , and my own descriptions
starwars	Outside , Kareen took Tano on a tour around the city .
starwars	Imani was a female Human soldier of the Galactic Republic stationed on Taris during the Cold War .
poke	However , the machine malfunctions and oversizes Gulpin and Ash 's Treecko , who battled the former .
starwars	Several times Bartyn 's Landing was attacked by external agents , including outlaw gangs and the native Menahuuns .
starwars	A gravity hammer was a type of hammer used by the Armorer in the construction of Mandalorian armor within her workshop on the Outer Rim planet Nevarro around 9 ABY .
starwars	After attacking the Trandoshan dropship , the Jedi joined with a Wookiee by the name of Chewbacca .
starwars	Haathi immediately ordered him to switch back to the stun setting , which he refused to do unless she could get them out of trouble .
starwars	Before he could speak with the woman further , Juhm was notified that a Republic force had bypassed the blockade and was approaching the shipyards .
starwars	En route , Piell , Gallia , and Yaddle realized the group was being followed and monitored by a Lannik , whom they presumed was a member of the Red Iaro , and a hooded Ffib priest , a member of a theocratic religion established on the planet Lorahns ; intrigued , Piell and Gallia doubled back and intercepted the duo , asking why they were following the Jedi Council members .
muppet	An active voice actor since 1990 , Vázquez is the official voice of The Walt Disney Disneys Goofy in all productions , and has also been heard in The Emperors New Groove . His live-action dub credits include Jason Narvy as Skull in the Mighty Morphin Power Power Rangers franchise , George Wendt on The Naked Truth , Rob Schneider in The Waterboy , and Giancarlo Esposito on Better Call Saul .
starwars	Despite trying to block the walker 's advance , Zeb and the rebels were forced into a gun battle .
starwars	Felth discovered in the sands of the Dune Sea the escape pod used to effect the escape of the droids C-3PO and R2-D2 from Imperial forces , the latter of which was attempting to deliver the plans to the Alliance to Restore the Republic .
muppet	The reason for the reversion is that in the process , you took out images and info from the table and page . Feel free to add sourced facts back , but dont remove large amounts of descriptive text or an image which are relevant to the page unless youve first discussing it with other editors on the forums . This is a rule of thumb for all pages . Thanks !
starwars	One of a line of specially made custom grenades called `` chemical load grenades , '' the FEX-M3 nerve gas grenade was produced by the Czerka Arms corporation , and , according to Czerka 's trade agreements , it was clearly marked with labels describing its dangerous contents .
muppet	Sorry we keep editing over eachother . You seem to catch my mistakes a moment before I do myself . Wiesnerc 2354 , 25 May 2006
poke	This pleases Team Rocket , who think they 'll be rolling in cash once they sell these fake Pokéblocks to other Coordinators .
poke	Watt is interested in Skitty and challenges May to a battle , which she accepts .
starwars	But the Padawans have encountered a new , unexpected danger in the forest . ''
starwars	After some hesitation , she also provided Revan with information regarding Mission Vao 's brother Griff .
poke	Max doubts his father would lose , but May is worried , for she does not want neither side to lose .
muppet	I say take it out . The dates usually apply to when the song was originally written , so 1972 would make it for season 4 .
poke	Jessie is angry and James , Meowth and Wobbuffet join Jessie to capture Dusclops .
muppet	Other references include celebrity fahion , Apple celebrity iPods , Sports Illustrated , The Dukes of Hazzard , Desperate Housewives , and the thrilling combination of extreme sports and Naked nudity .
muppet	Charlie appeared with Bergen and fellow dummy Mortimer Snerd on Episode 207 Edgar Episode 207 of The Muppet Show . Fozzies dummy Chuckie is based on Charlie . Bergen and McCarthy made their final film apperances in The Muppet Movie , as guest judges of the beauty contest .
starwars	While the other Freemakers waited for Zander to return , they tried to distract Mr Cooper by pretending to repair his ship .
muppet	Hi ! Just wanted to let you know that I removed your comments at Talk Muppets Wizard of Oz . Talk pages are meant to be used as a discussion space for the community to determine the factual outcome of the corresponding article . This space doesnt lend itself well to social conversations about favorite memories or looking for merchandise . This sort of discussion is better suited for fan forums .
muppet	Thats not really true . The Storyteller Fraggle has movable eyelids as well . HalfShadow 2019 , 16 February 2007
starwars	Under the direction of Alpha-17 , Bacara excelled at the ARC training regimen that allowed the clones to express their individuality .
poke	Ash sends Corphish and Brock tells Lombre to save Mawile , but with no success .
poke	The heroes make plans on what to do ; May wants to go shopping , Brock wants to buy groceries , Max wants to see some city Pokémon and Ash proposes to get some burgers for lunch .
muppet	Hi there -- Yeah , it looks like Scott just took out some of your edits . You should write to him here User talk . --
muppet	In addition to Big Bird singing `` Bein Green '' and the `` Just One Person '' closing , Muppet numbers included the male performers singing `` Baby Face , '' Elmo rendering `` Lydia the Tattooed Lady , '' Gonzo singing `` You Are My Sunshine '' and `` Im Going to Go Back There Someday . ''
muppet	Heres a screenshot of in the Big Blue House where you can see that not only did it not sort the subcategories amongst the articles as desired , but it also added some really ugly entries in a new section under Trending .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0211 , November 10 , 2009
starwars	In order to arrange a distraction so that they could harvest the planet 's supply of isotope-5 , the Sith Empire worked with Avesta to arrange a planet-wide revolt against the Hutts .
poke	The heroes arrive to the battlefield , on an open field , perfect for Flying Pokémon to fight .
starwars	Galaxy Guide 5 : Return of the Jedi is a supplement to written by Michael Stern and published by West End Games in 1990 .
muppet	The special aired once on wikipedia RTL2 during the holiday season of 1995 , and over five years after Hensons passing .
poke	Other Breloom wants to battle Combusken , but its leader halts it while it continues to challenge Combusken .
starwars	In the third month of the year 22 BBY , Alderaan loosened its immigration laws to allow thousands of refugees to find shelter , and the government donated one hundred hectares of plains on the site of Chianar to be transformed into a new village .
starwars	The two became fast friends and embarked on many adventures together .
muppet	The drama culminates when Gabi has prepared popcorn to share with everyone -- a gesture which is met with a surprising interruption . Super Chicken proceeds to gobble up everyones popcorn , making a mess and leaving none for anyone else . Big Bird reveals that popcorn is her one weakness `` One sniff and she goes bananas . ''
starwars	While Zaarin was unable to stop him , Loyalist forces led by Darth Vader in the Imperial-class Star Destroyer `` Garrett '' managed to intercept and capture Din 's flagship , but by the time they arrived the `` Sealion '' was already transferred to the Mon Calamari Cruiser `` Link '' and the cruiser jumped to lightspeed .
starwars	Mike Kim was a scene layout artist for the `` '' television series , along with Lynne Naylor , Paul Rudish , Andy Suriano , and Genndy Tartakovsky .
muppet	When the original street set and puppets were destroyed in a fire in 1988 , Samson , Tiffy and Finchen were rebuilt ; but the producers did not want to pay new licensing fees for Bödefeld , so the character was dropped and a newly developed character took over the role of the troublemaker on the street Rumpel the Grouch .
starwars	The Battle of Bassadro , also known as the Bassadro Massacre , was a twelve day battle fought during the Clone Wars .
muppet	Mr. Squigglebottom is a caterpillar guest who visits The Furchester Hotel in the episode `` Episode 115 The Caterpillar The Caterpillar Catastrophe . ''
muppet	`` Rainbow Connection '' has been referenced many times , both by Muppets and others
starwars	It was notably used aboard Kuat Drive Yards ' All Terrain Defense Pods .
muppet	Stone Soup A wise woman makes some ingredients to the hungry villagers by using a colonel pot .
starwars	The suit was severely flawed in that it did not have sufficient respirator filtration .
muppet	Ive compromised right now with `` Trans-Go JoBot '' . If anyone actually has the episode , please check it . Also please fix the link on the Robots page . Thanks ! --
starwars	Believing that Grey would have wanted him to keep an eye on the young man , Kota looked after X2 for some time .
starwars	The cult survived for thousands of years after Andeddu 's death .
starwars	Herrit Gordon was a short , balding New Republic diplomat .
starwars	Scott also felt that having Obi-Wan revising his past , present and future created the sense that he was literally going to step into a larger world .
starwars	Nuna-ball was a sport in which members of the nuna species were used as the ball .
muppet	I got this one , Henrik . --
starwars	Kidriff 5 was one of the stops for the `` Millennium Falsehood '' when it was making its tour of deception .
poke	On the bridge , the heroes , with Officer Jenny , wait for the Gulpin , who are coming .
poke	A Castform appears before them , wanting them to follow it , since the snow may freeze them .
poke	When Jessie goes to call Wobbuffet back , she sees the same thing , which attacked them before .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0113 , April 9 , 2009
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 0201 , March 23 , 2010
starwars	Rax was the puppet master controlling the remnants of the Empire and was planning an attack on Chandrila .
poke	The heroes see everything and they suspect everyone is after the weather machine .
muppet	It may be related to a similar oddity where , like when clicking https//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Board_Thread_Issues/ @ comment-10637-20140121224459 here , portions of threads show up as if they were talk pages , complete with the `` We dont use talk pages anymore '' warning .
starwars	That outfit was entirely black with the exception of a broad golden trim that extended across the chest on one side and across the midsection on the other .
poke	James , Meowth and Wobbuffet drop her gently , though they claim they should get an award for this .
starwars	The starboard engine remained inoperative , but one engine was enough to make the ship spaceworthy , and T3-M4 , with 3C-FD , was able to pilot the `` Ebon Hawk '' into the Peragus Mining Facility .
poke	He takes out the Red Orb goes up to the temple , though Maxie begs him not to do it .
starwars	Dooku commandeered a HoloNet relay station in the Raxus system and denounced the Galactic Republic as a futile enterprise that was hopelessly burdened by corruption and favoritism toward the Core Worlds .
starwars	As Taalon , Luke , and Gavar began to investigate Abeloth 's origins , Vestara remained under Ben 's watch aboard the `` Jade Shadow '' , along with the recovering Dyon Stadd .
poke	Ash dodges the attack , causing Pin Missile to damage the mechanical arm , setting Pikachu free .
muppet	Henson had thirteen different themes in mind—all of which would be edited together into Cataclysm . These themes included `` Woods , '' `` Junk , '' `` City at Night , '' `` India , '' and `` Nude . ''
muppet	Wonderful work cleaning up the Ernie and Bert sketch pages . Youre my hero ! I love the header template youve come up with . I had been meaning to get around to cleaning the pages up , but laziness kept winning over . Cookie Monster and Grover Sketches have many of the same problems and help needed , but this is a great step in the right direction . Great work . --
muppet	Of course , someone could then ask , if oggs are being uploaded to articles , `` Why cant I upload this or that theme song/musical number/Fozzie monologue ? '' But like transcripts , the limits would be that its not readily commercially available , and/or no full sound clips , and there has to be a reason . Right now , outside of an aural Through the Years deal , I cant see a real informational reason to include English files , unless its from something really obscure or from someone in the know
muppet	File – Farmers
poke	The heroes arrive in a deserted town and get rejected by Nurse Joy to stay in her Pokémon Center .
starwars	Sorath was a Dashade male who worked as a pirate alongside fellow Dashade Maliss .
poke	Meowth agrees , thinking how he will get some gold so he can get the promotion before Jessie and James .
muppet	Miss Piggy Good question . Moi has a smaller role in this film . And Judy Densch won an Oscar for a very short appearance in `` Whoozits in Love . '' Kermit has always told Moi that the less time I spend on screen the better Mois chances are for an Oscar , so I think this may be my year .
starwars	Meanwhile , Hera at the advice of Chopper honored Kanan 's memory by attaching a piece of his holocron to her family 's Kalikori .
muppet	Do we know what the `` four , slight alterations '' were and what material replaced them ? --
muppet	The implication here to me clearly implies she knows what Kermits legs taste like because she used to date him . I cant think of any other reason she would have to taste Kermits legs .
starwars	The Firest character was again mentioned in the 1996 of `` Galaxy Guide 3 '' , as part of a major expansion on the sourcebook by Pablo Hidalgo , in which Firest was provided greater biographical details concerning his performance during the battle and full roleplaying statistics for use with `` '' .
muppet	File Deadlys Three Tips for Getting Dressed Muppet Thought of the Week by The Uncle Deadly
starwars	Montacca was a male Wookiee ex-mercenary with an out-of-the-ordinary fascination with technology of all sorts , going so far as to touch the technology of near-strangers out of intense curiosity .
muppet	The only Gelfling characters seen in The Dark Crystal are Jen , Kira , and Kiras mother . Power of the Dark Crystal was to have featured the return of Kira and Jen as rulers of Thra along with a Gelfling outcast and others . Larh and Neffi are two Gelflings featured in the Legends of the Dark Crystal graphic novel series . The Dark Crystal Age of Resistance features Gelflings in a time before they were wiped out by the Skeksis .
poke	Roderick thinks they might be gone to the river and then to the shore , so they go towards that direction .
muppet	A Super Grover balloon launched in 2003 ,
poke	A girl says to a boy , who lost the Poliwag , nothing happened to it , but an angrier boy scolds him , since their trip has been ruined .
poke	Meowth yells for Jessie and James to come to him and help , but sees nobody is around .
starwars	After sensing the deaths of her two apprentices , Sebatyne , Quee and the Wild Knights attempted to aid in the defense of Coruscant ; there they successfully destroyed the Yuuzhan Vong yammosk , but ultimately the capital was lost .
starwars	It featured the entrance to the Upper Hollows , a cave system where the native Flesh Raiders stored weapons .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1554 , 24 February 2006
starwars	It was collected in `` '' , and was also available in the Webstrips section of .
starwars	There , he stopped a group of smugglers who were angry about the ship being in their landing spot .
starwars	He did also carried a hold-out blaster for backup as well as a couple of medpacs
poke	Suddenly , a Pokémon uses a move , stopping Team Rocket from arguing among each other and calms them down .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Andrew , Aleal 2347 , 25 February 2006
poke	Max and May grab Peeko , who carries them away , with Ash 's Taillow attacking Sharpedo .
starwars	Tool-bay disks were functions that stored equipment for BB units .
muppet	Celebrities for whom she wrote sketches on Sesame Street include Whoopi Goldberg , Lily Tomlin , Bill Irwin , B.B . King , Jodie Foster , Ellen DeGeneres , Maya Angelou , Michael Jeter , Shari Lewis , Gregory Hines and Susan Sarandon .
starwars	G-1A starfighter/Legends
muppet	Part 1 Cookie Monster avoids eating the `` Letter of the Day '' cookie ... for now .
starwars	As a former Imperial officer , Arliz Hadrassian was familiar with weapons like blasters , starfighters , and Force pikes .
muppet	In terms of content , is this a Bobo Through the Years page or a Puppet That Eventually Became Bobo Through the Years page ?
poke	Pikachu uses Thunder , so Michelle analyzes Bagon can not dodge , so Bagon goes straight to Pikachu .
muppet	I know my international obsession is too much , but Im easily amused . It seems that if youre a French-speaking actor and voice a Fraggle , its either a step-up from playing opposite Dean Jones and monkeys
muppet	Refresh me if someone uses multiple IPs , they have to be blocked
starwars	As expected , the raiders pursued the mercenaries with their AT-ST , and engaged with the villagers , resulting in casualties on both sides .
muppet	Sesamestreet.org just added an http//ebooks.sesamestreet.org/ eBook reader section to the site , which apparently offers five free books per week . They say that theyre launching an eBooks store , so there will be some for sale at some point .
starwars	However , he and his men were pinned down by the separatists that were able to take control over Mannett Point .
starwars	The rebels then infiltrated the Separatist-occupied capital Iziz , conducting strikes on droid patrols throughout the city .
starwars	Maarisa Zsinj
muppet	Some of these were addressed in Wikia trouble ticket numbers 222352 and 202397
poke	Taillow grabs Pikachu by his tail and does not let go of him , even if getting electrocuted .
starwars	This route was known as the `` Endor Express '' .
muppet	Today I saw a copy of this book at my local library and scanned through it , and I noticed that it appeared to credit A. Delaney as the illustrator . The illustrations were also done in her style . Judging by the alternate older cover on this
poke	Katrina claims Poochyena 's time to evolve will come soon , but will respect its wish if it wants to remain Poochyena .
muppet	I think the Lunch citation might be in Kevin Clashs autobiography . If anyone has a copy of it to hand . -- user 2205 , September 30 , 2009
starwars	They were stopped by a Jedi task force led by Yoda .
poke	The Numel machine leaps and the arms ( with May and Skitty on them ) go back into the machine .
poke	While Taillow is trying to cut through the string , Beautifly uses Silver Wind , but fails once more .
muppet	He appeared again with Robin in episode 223 John episode 223 , singing `` Two Lost Souls '' . The huge monster and the tiny frog make an amusing contrast , and have occasionally appeared together in merchandise , including a Muppet PVC figures ( Walt Disney PVC figure from Walt Disney World and the 1982 book Two for the Show .
muppet	Today The Muppet Mindset http//themuppetmindset.blogspot.com/2010/11/interview-with-sesame-streets-louis.html interviewed Louis Henry Mitchell
poke	And that beginning in 2006 , Pokémon USA , Inc. 's in-house licensing group will handle all Pokémon licensing outside of Asia .
starwars	David has also written original fantasy works .
muppet	In 2004 , Rix Tins produced a line of Sesame Street switch plates , including one decorated with a picture of Mr. Snuffleupagus .
starwars	Grea was born on Kidron , the Orfite homeworld .
muppet	`` Old-time radio '' encompassed situation comedies , variety shows , game shows , anthology series , dramas , serials , and live band performances . Soap opera as a form originated in radio , and such programs as The Guiding Light went on to equally long runs on television . Other radio series successfully transferred to TV include Gunsmoke , Dragnet , and The Lone Ranger . Mellifluous announcers , live sound effects , and dramatic tag openings characterized the programming of this period . Contrary to the impression that old radio was always `` tamer '' than television , sound men on mystery programs employed such techniques as chopping a head of cabbage with a machete to simulate decapitation , or grilling bacon to suggest searing flesh .
muppet	Hey , no fair talking my talk box off and not answering my question . ) Do you have an opinion on Going Up , or is it okay for me to change it ? --
starwars	Largely isolated from the rest of the galaxy , the Umbarans developed advanced and formidable technology for their soldiers , which they unleashed on the Grand Army of the Republic at the Battle of Umbara .
starwars	He had a cameo playing Janu Godalhi ( an anagram of Pablo 's real-life father , Juan Hidalgo ) in and was also referenced with the character Palob Godalhi .
muppet	I also started looking at International Muppet singles , and I cant believe I never thought to look for the Canada 45 of the Arista single of Mahna Mahna ! I made a place for it , and I think we can rework some other stuff , because Discogs has a whole bunch of European Muppet stuff , but its kind of confusing , because some countries have the same number , but a different B-side . Ill look at those soon .
starwars	Vima makes great progress in mastering lightsaber strokes .
muppet	These quotes from Oscarfan are the perfect rebuttal to anyone whos feelings of Steve Whitmire changed after the reasons given of why he was fired If youre going to write off Steve as a jerk based on the negative gossip we heard two years ago , you should be just as dismissive of Disney because of the negative gossip that is constantly surrounding them . So , Steve reportedly was difficult here and there , so you write him off as a monster the moment he gets fired .
poke	While May and Max are having fun , Brock asks who 's going to get into the water .
starwars	Ezra and Sabine told Zeb to cheer up before leaving aboard the `` Ghost '' .
muppet	Hi , this is Ken . I cant come to the wiki right now , but if you leave a message , Ill get back to you as soon as I can . If this is an emergency , please contact User Andrew Leal . Thank you . --
poke	May catches Drew , but fears she does n't have the strength to pull them to the shore .
poke	Max notices on his PokéNav in a Pokémon Center nearby , so Brock encourages May to go .
muppet	Hi , Marcus ! Welcome to Muppet Wiki . Glad to see you here and already working on your page , and others . Im Peter , one of the admins here .
muppet	A model of Sir Didymus is seen in The Jim Henson Hour episode `` Episode 110 Secrets of the Secret of the Muppets '' when Jim Henson and Jojo visit Jim Hensons Creature Shop .
starwars	The weapon was one of many provided to the droid by Darth Vader , which he kept stored in his chassis when not in use .
starwars	Luke surrenders , and is shown bowing down to Palpatine on the Death Star II .
poke	Per Birch 's proposal , Nancy sends Clamperl to Pokémon Center via the teleporter .
starwars	The story occurs around 2974 BBY , approximately one year after the events of the ebook `` '' .
starwars	The second most common language was Huttese , expanded through the criminal and financial activity of the Hutts , and so it was adopted throughout the Outer Rim Territories by other species that were in close cooperation with them throughout the ages , such as the Rodians and the Toydarians .
starwars	The New Republic was originally created for `` Star Wars '' Legends where it first appeared in the 1991 novel `` Heir to the Empire '' by Timothy Zahn .
muppet	Mushmellon was a character from Sam and Friends . Hes a yellow monster-type creature whose wide face and grouchy eyes bear some resemblance to Oscar the Grouch . He was created in June 1955 .
muppet	Undeterred , Andersen decided to find anyone else who could have contributed to the short . After some investigation , Joe Hennes gave Andersen the credits for the music saxophonist Mel Martin , radio producer Peter Scott , and vocalist Dorothy Moskowitz , the former lead singer of the experimental rock band United States of America . Anersen was able to contact Moskowitz , who was stunned to learn of the shorts cult infamy . She was able to provide information on the recording of the short , which she dubbed `` the most goddamn strange recording session I ever attended '' Moskowitz performed the vocals by improvising music where she felt it was appropriate in the text , and Martin added music to her narration . Moskowitz could not tell Andersen who animated the short , but remembered a woman whose name she could not recall was present at the recording session . She suspected the woman was either the animator or someone from the animation studio .
poke	May lowers down and shows her friendliness , so Peeko goes to May , who strokes it .
starwars	Control ( droid )
starwars	When the nobleman 's daughter fell in love with Walon Vau , the son of an Irmenu admiral and count , both the nobleman and Vau 's father refused to consent to the match .
muppet	It is kind of confusing that way . Debuts specify a characters first onscreen appearance , and it doesnt make sense to list a debut based on the production or filming date for that appearance ; which can be months if not a year prior to the airdate , and likewise , last performances can overlap a year or so after the fact .
muppet	When Leonard showed up , Elmo and Rosita assumed that he was a bad wolf , and they screamed at him to go away . Leonard explained that hes different `` I dont always do the same thing as my brother ! Im not a huffer and puffer . Why , I dont even chase pigs ! I do play canasta with them every Thursday . And thats not all ! On Tuesdays , I practice the violin . On Wednesdays , chess -- followed by tai chi ! Yes , theres lots of things to do if youre not so busy huffing and puffing . ''
muppet	Does anyone know which shows these came from ? It would be nice if we could note when/where these sketches were filmed on this page and on the
muppet	October 25
poke	Instead , Nurse Joy gives Jacuzzi a Heavy Ball , while Brock points out it is perfect to catch heavy Pokémon .
starwars	However , it was unclear to Vorru whether she had any true feelings for him or was simply exploiting his own feelings in order to secure her own future .
muppet	Thats hilarious , accurate , and really the best summation of the series .
poke	May shows her four ribbons , claiming she needs one more to enter the Grand Festival .
starwars	BB-8 was present at Aunt Z 's Tavern when Kaz bought drinks while Tam and Torra played a game of holodarts .
muppet	They arrive at Symphony Hall .
starwars	Frustrated , Rowan throws his LEGO pieces but a stray one hits his older brother Zander who asks his younger brother what is wrong .
starwars	The Separatist general Horn Ambigene hailed from this system .
muppet	Hi , Andrew , nice to see you here . Im glad you liked my Noggin-hacked summary of Episode 3816 . -- Hilleyb 0216 , 2 November 2006
muppet	Danny , you added this sentence `` Similarly , Simon Soundman is often mistaken for Mr. Johnson , mainly due to Jerry Nelson performing both characters and that they are both concocted from Fat Blue Anything Muppets . '' Your edit summary claimed you found it `` from lots of sources . '' We need specifics , in terms of where you found it , and what kind of sources . If youre talking about YouTube comments or the like , for example , some of those people confuse almost * every * character , based on faulty memory . What proof do you have that this is a widespread trend ? -- 2241 , 21 August 2007
poke	Ash asks Max where May is and is told she is out for training , surprising Ash how early May went out .
poke	Seeing Grace had managed to defeat her rival , Drew , May wonders if she could defeat Grace .
starwars	He revealed to the young Rebel that Han Solo and Chewbacca had not been killed but had been captured by Majestrix Kharys .
starwars	The shuttle would go on unnamed until March 2009 with the release of the `` Legacy Era Campaign Guide '' , which named the transport as the `` '' Sigma '' -class long-range shuttle '' and provided details on the standard variant 's characteristics and use .
starwars	He was soon approached by Jedi Master Luminara Unduli , who wished to purchase the location of the Confederate arms factory from him .
starwars	With R2-D2 's help , Gascon and D-Squad managed to convince Gregor that he was a Clone trooper and to get him to help them .
muppet	Later airings of this sketch trimmed some material and added music to underscore the mood . The Best of Ernie and Bert , Playtime with Bert and Old School Volume 3 included the sketch uncut and unaltered . The sketch as presented on Sesamestreet.org is uncut but retains the later added underscoring . The sketch was also recreated in clay for the book Wheres the Duckie ? . 8yiqGtZXCmQ } } } }
poke	However , his overconfidence made him believe he was unbeatable , and soon kept losing .
poke	Ash mistakes her for Brodie , but May stops him , as Brock flirts with her successfully and Max pulls him away .
poke	Torkoal attacks with Flamethrower , but Seviper dodges and uses Haze , dimming everyone 's vision .
starwars	Learners were taught by healers , who were in turn counseled by the Master , the most knowledgeable amongst them .
poke	Corphish takes that as an insult so they argue , but Pikachu and Mudkip try to calm them down .
starwars	While the organization is merely mentioned in `` Conviction '' , several of its members were briefly featured .
muppet	Both versions of Monster Eats Machine includes nonsense technobabble , but the scripts differ somewhat . It would seem that while writing it , Henson
muppet	Muppet Sing Alongs Muppet Treasure Island is a 1996 video produced just before the release of the feature film Muppet Treasure Island . Kermit the Kermit is joined by Polly Lobster , Clueless Morgan , Mad Monty and the other pirates from Muppet Treasure Island in this half hour of pirate songs . The Wild Boars also make an appearance .
muppet	The closest thing weve seen so far is probably Disney Drive-On with The Disney Drive-On . However we can cross that bridge if/when it comes around ... and who knows how well define/view the classification of content in 2020 .
starwars	When the Sith Inquisitor was sent by Lord Zash to assassinate Skotia , the Sith Lord ordered Skarsk and Skeesk to kill the Inquisitor and Khem Val .
muppet	Dancing aside , the problem is that I hate `` Blank Background '' almost as much as `` Limbo '' . But I think I have a solution , so hang on while I mess around a bit . --
muppet	Starting this season , some episodes had a special scene during the opening that took place either backstage or in the orchestra , in place of a comment by Statler and Waldorf . The special scenes from this and the fourth season include the following
starwars	Commanded by Moff Wilhuff Tarkin and Captain Darcc , `` Executrix '' later led an assault on Kashyyyk approximately two months after the conclusion of the Wars .
starwars	Throughout the entire conflict , Republic citizens were overwhelmingly loyal , and dissent was nearly unheard of .
starwars	Provotin cystate
muppet	Also , sorry you paid for a newspapers.com subscription . You must have missed my offer in the FB chat about how I had one .
starwars	The Jedi High Council sent task forces to hunt them down on Pleem 's Nexus and Moorjhone , with Kenobi always among the contenders .
poke	`` Note : Before you begin these steps , turn on your DS/DSi/3DS and insert Pokemon Black 2 or White 2 into the game card slot .
starwars	The Rehn system was located in the Brak sector of the Expansion Region .
starwars	In the `` Star Wars '' Legends continuity , a comic entitled `` Old Wounds '' depicted a similar encounter between Darth Maul and Obi-Wan Kenobi in which Maul was killed by Luke Skywalker 's uncle Owen Lars .
muppet	Derek Jacobi .
poke	Thatcher tells of the tale a man came to the village with the Light Stone , accompanied with an Electric Pokémon and when the village would be in danger , the hero would return .
starwars	The Yashuvhi population flocked towards the crew , desiring to know if they were Jedi who had come to live among them .
poke	Ash touches the stone and wonders why the stone is heavy , though Cozmo thinks it is just one of the mysteries the mankind still does not know .
muppet	Also last but not least , youre going to be extremely excited because I just found many Jalan Sesama episodes in YouTube , theyre also full episodes ! You can view them here http//www.youtube.com/user/JalanSesamaProject/search ? query=episode+
starwars	Because of the threat , the Givin decompressed the space station to kill the Vong , which forced Tahiri and Anakin into a storage locker .
starwars	Kungurama and Gunn succeeded in persuading Veeren to cooperate .
muppet	The process of draining essence is as follows the victim is restrained in wormscrew clamps . The most disturbing form of restraint occurs by the clamp used to forcefully position ones neck so that the individual is not free from moving its eyes from the powerful beam of the crystal . The eyes are forced to stare into The Dark Crystal the Dark Crystal . Their essence leaves their body and flows through a tube to the side , where it is collected in a vial for later consumption . Only the Emperor is allowed to drink essence , although early in the Skeksis existence , when it was easier to come upon , all of them partook of it .
muppet	You can create a new page just by going to the address bar at the top and replacing the name of the article youre on with the one that you want to create . So , for example , if you wanted to make a page called `` The Late-Night Cartoon Show '' , you just put that in the address bar , like this
muppet	Given that the first aborted Disney deal involved a contract for Jim Henson for `` creative services , '' it seems likely either Henson was a creative consultant for Ortega or sat in on sessions which led to these projects . Short of an interview with the director , we may never know exactly what he was thanked for . Not enough to justify an article as stands , but this could either be an honorable mention on Production dedications or boost a page should Disney decide to have the Muppets participate in a number on a YouTube video or at a live event .
muppet	In the 1980s , in addition to several NPR slots , the pair had key supporting roles in the movie Author ! Author ! and provided voices for the specials B.C A Special Christmas and The Gnomes Great Adventure . Ray Gouldings declining health finally put an end to the partnership , but Bob Elliott still worked occasionally , often with son Chris Elliott , on the TV shows Get a Life , The Bob Newhart Newhart , and Lateline and the films Quick Change and Cabin Boy . In 2008 , he appeared on A Prairie Home Companion , referencing many of the classic Bob and Ray routines and characters .
muppet	March 13 , 1983 Award Dinner from Natl Council for children and TV . Brian with me in LA .
poke	Since Ash left Poké Balls at the tent , he decides to carry Corphish to the Pokémon Center with Pikachu , while the others wait .
starwars	Eventually , Jarrus emigrated to Gorse , where he met Okadiah Garson at his bar , The Asteroid Belt , when he broke up a brawl there .
muppet	Buena Vista originally planned a release of The Muppet Show Season The Muppet Show Season 2 on DVD for February 2006 , but it was delayed until August 7 , 2007 . Unlike the first season set , however , all of the episodes featured were uncut . A release of The Muppet Show Season the third season has been announced for a May 20 , 2008 release .
muppet	Since SW has been putting up official videos starring Cookie Monster and Super Grover 2.0 online on Facebook and Tumblr . Should the rest of the SG ones be documented here , or should we make a page for both of them ? If so , what would it be called ? - Oscarfan 1932 , September 24 , 2010
poke	Hariyama counterattacks with Knock Off , causing Treecko to roll off and bash into the wall , defeated .
starwars	Home Fathers were members of the Cosmic Balance faith who , alongside Home Mothers , ran the Simple Homes .
starwars	Palpatine 's Statue Garden was an open air location in the Republic Executive Building where Supreme Chancellor Palpatine kept a number of stone statues .
muppet	Bears Holiday Celebration is a 2002 Bear in the Big Blue House album that collects songs from the episodes `` A Berry Bear Christmas '' , `` Episode 305 Halloween Halloween Bear '' , `` Episode 318 Bats are People Bats are People Too '' , `` Episode 322 The Best Thanksgiving The Best Thanksgiving Ever '' , `` Episode 117 A Winters A Winters Nap '' , `` Episode 222 Afraid Afraid Not '' and `` Episode 235 And to All a Good And To All a Good Night '' .
starwars	Fett requested that Bar-Kooda come quietly , but the Herglic was incredulous , claiming that the bounty hunter would not make it off the ship alive .
muppet	Unfortunately , Wikia only allows files that are 300 KB in size for their background images , which clearly results in a loss of quality . Available here are higher resolution versions of the different background images crafted so far
starwars	The crew turned out to be Xalto Sneerzick , the leader of the Droid Abolitionist Movement , and his followers , who were trying to free the droids .
muppet	Hi , Danny ! I was wondering about something . I noticed that newer wikis like Pixar and Christmas Specials have the new skin . But it seems like Muppet tried it a few times , but then it went back to the old skin . Are they working on an updated version for a future upgrade ? Just curious . I hope youre doing well ! --
poke	May and Jessie start arguing , since they both claim they have the right to catch the same Wurmple .
poke	Brock wonders why Water Pokémon , so Juan replies it is because of their physique and `` their weakness against electric attacks '' .
poke	Zexal '' , which was due to be pitched at the Licensing International Expo on June 14 .
muppet	Please see Special to get started , and leave a message here if theres anything you need help with .
poke	Before the battle starts she evokes a prayer to all Flying Pokémon to give her strength .
muppet	As noted , Goelzs tenure has spanned every Statler recast to date and it would still make for a simple box .
poke	Nicholai transforms into an Aipom and climbs a rock quickly , determined to save Mudkip .
poke	The Festival starts , with Illumise and Volbeat doing their performance and using Tail Glow .
starwars	Burr El
starwars	Masters Tahl and Rachi Sitra were some of the last historians of the Order , with Master Sitra surviving well into the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	Over the next few years , the group targeted Imperial worlds and worked to overthrow their planetary governments .
muppet	Cookie Monsters Box of Fun Count with Me is a Sesame Street fun kit released by Parragon Parragon in 2010 . The fun kit includes the following
muppet	This special anniversary show aired as a Christmas special on November 27 , 1975 on ZDF . Peter visited the US set of Sesame Street , and sang the German version of the `` Sesame Street Theme '' . The Sesame part of the special was taped on October 27 and 28 , 1975 at Channel 5 .
muppet	Does anyone know who the question marks are in 11 , 22 and 23 ? Scott
starwars	The lieutenant than replied that the Empire had a record of all his past statements against the Empire .
poke	In order to find more about the Phantom , the woman requests the heroes to unmask his identity .
starwars	Sometime after the signing of the Treaty of Coruscant , the reigning Mandalore—seeking to regain support after being defeated during the Blockade of the Hydian Way—organized a competition for glory known as the Great Hunt , which was held on a galactic scale .
poke	The king has Miranda prepare a ship away from Mirage Kingdom , but Misty wants to know why is everyone interested in Togepi .
muppet	Hey Dean . Do you have episode numbers for either or those Herry sketches ? Or perhaps a better description of the 1971 sketch ? Id like to track down some screenshots , but after having gone through my collection , I dont seem to have them . —
starwars	Jett Lucas
muppet	Other countries include Greece were inserted into episodes to educate children in the Ma¯ori language . In Australia , the original US show has been broadcast by the government-funded Australian Broadcasting Corporation since 1970 .
starwars	Battle of Mon Calamari
muppet	Please an we have something on the Logging In Help page about how to archive our own talk pages . Because while some users know how to do that , some of us dont , and I think it might be appropriate to include it on the Logging In Help page ? Emma 2033 , 30 March 2007
muppet	Ive just created Thomas Sanford on Muppet Wiki ; he performed in the wedding sequence . I was wondering whether he should be noted anywhere on the page ? -- Zanimum 1635 , January 28 , 2010
starwars	Rachnid
starwars	Among the Yuuzhan Vong , tattooing was part of a religious ritual of reshaping and disfiguration .
starwars	A Clone Trooper
muppet	File Dec 24 - 7 30 PM - the Muppets - Just For Laughs All Access on The Comedy Network
poke	He states when he finishes lunch , he wants to find a real challenge these days .
starwars	Dunn was Bane 's second target , and the bounty hunter traveled to Kay-Tap square in the guise of a Jedi Knight in order to fool his mother into willingly handing over the infant .
muppet	Vanessa Williams
starwars	`` Watchkeeper '' was damaged upon entering the Corellian system .
muppet	Hi ! Ive been seeing you around the wiki , and I was wondering if you have a name
starwars	However , she managed to find the exact opposite in Probus Tesla , a member of the Inquisitorius .
starwars	Ni'mai was initially skeptical of the spacer 's armor crafting abilities , but after a payment of 50,000 credits he instructed the spacer on how to construct the armor .
muppet	Im specifically trying to figure out how this applies to `` Welcome to My Nightmare '' and `` Once a Year Day '' in Episode 307 Alice episode 307 of The Muppet Show . My guess is that it has to do with the Ghost , since thats really the only link between the musical numbers , but I dont really see how it fits under this heading . --
poke	Skarmory has the ring already , but Taillow snatches the ring , places it on the hook and making Ash win the semi-finals .
muppet	The song has been remade a number of times over the years not only for the shows opening and closing credits , but also for inserts . One of the earliest and most distinctive versions includes a harmonica solo performed by wikipedia Toots Thielemans .
poke	Luvdisc attacks with Water Gun , but misses , so Corphish uses Bubble Beam on the mist .
poke	The heroes watch this , but Keanu reports the team , who stole his Nincada , had a Meowth with them .
starwars	However , playing heroes took its toll on the equipment and money the ISB had stored on board their ship , and after those two months the group had to start considering retirement .
poke	However , Jessie snatches Pikachu and Team Rocket takes off their disguises , as they are in their balloon .
poke	The woman tells them they are trespassers , and they must leave , as the area is dangerous .
poke	Captain Stern confronts them , but Tabitha refuses to say anything and sends Mightyena , who uses Shadow Ball to distract Stern .
starwars	She explicitly asked Loran if he knew , and he admitted that he knew she was Gara Petothel .
muppet	Hey , Danny , Im putting questions on the discographies , but I cant put a talk thing on the page , because theres no edit tab ! Can you make sure people are seeing my questions ? Thanks ! -- ErnieBert 0805 , 2 March 2007
starwars	The Consular 's next mission is to find and cure Master Eriz Vossan on Tatooine , and the Jedi retraces Vossan 's steps in hopes of locating the Jedi Master .
poke	Also make sure you have a Wi-Fi connection on both your DS/DSi/3DS and your mobile device . ''
poke	The heroes explain Watt Pikachu was overcharged , which allowed it to defeat all of Wattson 's Pokémon in one hit .
muppet	Does that mean two more in addition to the first one listed , or two in total ? —
starwars	Seese
poke	Gordon learned that Absol are definitively not guilty of the destruction that followed the village and Absol do not come to humans , and , most importantly , they are n't aggressive .
muppet	Hi Jeff , dont forget to use four tildes
muppet	muppet caper characters the frog , miss piggy , fozzie bear , the great gonzo , dr.teeth , floyd pepper , lips , janice , animal , zoot , rowlf the dog , scooter , lew zeland , pops , swedish chef , sweedums .
starwars	A year later , when the Infinite Empire invaded the Tython system , Shae Koda fought in many battles riding her rancor-dragon .
muppet	Now that we have some screen grabs , some more questions come into play . Obviously Bozark and Scales the Dragon are , or were , Muppets . But what about the other things . Can we verify that the creature shop created these ? The chicken suit drummer looks pretty basic to me . So we recategorize the article ? What role do these characters have in the movie ? I might have to bite the bullet and watch it myself . --
poke	Suddenly , someone is heard from the museum 's courtyard to be selling snow cones .
starwars	Bardictol
starwars	Perhaps due to the added systems required by these weapons , Wandrau fitted them with a far weaker shield system , only able to produce a tenth of the defensive capability of the Large Gun Emplacement .
muppet	Jerry Nelson says that Richad Hunt stayed in England an extra year after the Muppet Show to work on this , but he doesnt seem to be in the credits . Wonder if its true ; not even positive when exactly they filmed it . Just curious . User Max riverbottom
muppet	Not to be the party pooper here , but what started as a fun list of things that might sound rude , has become us just being rude . Illustrating the article with `` Lets Compare Sizes '' and Elmo holding balls is pretty creepy . Theres also quite a bit on this list that doesnt sound that rude to me at all . Really , its just a collection of POV edits where someone adds an item when they peronally find a dirty innuendo in a name , or book cover . Im not pointing any fingers , Ive done my share or contributing to this , but I think its time we let it go . Scott
poke	Arriving on an island , Max encounters a Cradily , an ancient Pokémon that is supposed to be extinct .
starwars	Xanatos 's lightsaber
poke	Ash promises to battle Thatcher one day , with Thatcher calling him as `` Master '' .
muppet	Anyone heard even rumor that McDonalds will have a Happy Meal series for The Muppets
poke	Max and May are surprised , as Lombre knows Water Gun , which effective against Torkoal .
muppet	`` True Love '' is sung by Miss Piggy and Link Hogthrob in a jungle for the Opening numbers performed by the opening number in Episode 324 Cheryl episode 324 of The Muppet Show .
poke	Ash sees a crack in the wall and has Pikachu use Iron Tail to destroy the rock wall and get out .
muppet	When Youve Got to Go ! is a Bear in the Big Blue House storybook based on the episode `` Episode 239 When Youve Got to When Youve Got to Go '' .
poke	May and Kelly promise to face each other later , while Josephina brags about how she 'll win .
starwars	and devastate the entire galaxy '' .
poke	Team Rocket try to use sticks to open the shell , but the heroes encounter them .
poke	While Jessie takes the net with Corphish and Pikachu , Meowth betrays Sableye and goes with Team Rocket on the trolley .
muppet	So those are fine . But there are some segments that have pages right now that dont fit those criteria , namely Arnold Rides a Chair , King Minus , Lillian , Big Sister , The Old Woman Who Lived in a Nine and Yakity Yak . I dont see the relevance of those pages to a Muppet wiki .
starwars	However , left blinded as a result of his wounds , and sorely beaten in any case , Kota descended into despair , turning to drink to alleviate the pain .
poke	Jessie complains they could 've bought a motor for the submarine , so James sends Chimecho to improve their morale .
starwars	Excellency
muppet	Anyway , long story short , nothing in our current collection of episode listings and guides includes these bits , they dont circulate , the date is missing from the scan below , and we have no idea if they aired . Since some new Roadrunner segments did appear on The Electric Company , probably around the same time , its likely they did air , but it would be nice if we had confirmation in some form . So parking for now , but anyone should feel free to work this info into the article , specifying perhaps that the scripts exist , since right now thats all weve confirmed . --
starwars	While Tal was annoyed that Desh had prematurely disrupted his undercover operation , he was mollified that Sheb had inadvertently revealed his other contacts to him .
poke	However , the man sends Crawdaunt to intercept the heroes , while Mr. Briney shouts out Team Aqua had arrived .
poke	Max notes how all of them look different May spots another one with a heart on its face .
poke	Max remembers to win a Contest , the Coordinator must know how to use the attacks , as May remembers Dr. Abby 's advice .
poke	Seeing Kenny lonely , Ash introduces Pikachu to him , to convince Pokémon are actually friends .
starwars	When the amnesiac former Dark Lord of the Sith Revan along with Carth Onasi attempted to visit the Hidden Beks ' base while searching for Jedi Knight Bastila Shan , she at first barred them passage .
starwars	While the Alderaanian led the effort to load the supplies onto the ships , Representative Binks remained with Katuunko and Dod and created a conceptual art piece to keep the dinner 's attendees attention .
starwars	Black Spire could refer to the following :
starwars	Not long after the events on Dantooine , Shan embarked on a journey across the galaxy , exploring new worlds and making new allies as she followed the call of the Force that she felt through deep meditation .
poke	Sandra also considers her mother to be the best Pokémon Trainer , to her , which touches Savannah .
muppet	The Count bears a noticeable resemblance to Bela Lugosi as Dracula in voice , appearance , and sometimes even mannerisms -- waving his hands or holding the cape over his face in early sketches . The character has never been specifically labeled as a vampire , and unlike the traditional monster of horror films , the Count often relaxes in the sunlight . He also does not drink blood , and he can not turn into a bat ; however , like a vampire , as revealed in Count von Count Sketches an early skit , he shows no reflection in a mirror . He speaks with an Eastern European accent and pronounces his V
starwars	The Fondor Academy of Engineering and Design was a prime source of employee recruits for Kuat Drive Yards and the Techno Union prior to the Clone Wars .
starwars	Some time after the Battle of Crait these doors were sometimes hacked into by First Order operatives for surveillance purposes .
muppet	Wilkins and Wontkins are in their ark which is balanced on top of a cliff
muppet	Each room in the game is equipped with a radio on which three stations are tunable WHAT , KTOY and KKID featuring Jerry Nelson as the deejay . Each station plays commercials narrated by Martin P. Marty Robinson and Sesame Street News News Flashes by Kermit the Frog . Songs included are
poke	Brock identifies the Pokémon to be Illumise and Volbeat , who are actually dancing with one another .
starwars	Kijimi was subsequently destroyed and its destruction broadcast across the galaxy .
muppet	In The Wisdom of Big Bird , he mentions that for season two the Muppet bits were shot at a different studio from the street scenes and he didnt see the other performers as often , but I wonder if maybe that was really the case with the first season . In the first season , it is rare for other Muppets besides Big Bird and Oscar to be in street scenes .
muppet	Did you happen to download any of this musical , before it was hidden behind the wall of privacy ?
poke	They think the Pokémon erased their memories through a shock wave and suspect the same Pokémon erased the villagers ' memories , so they put some special helmets to protect them from psychic activities .
starwars	When they reached the museum , Kolara introduced herself to Sera .
muppet	Patrick Malahide is a British actor who played Uncle Adrian in the special Episode 111 Living with Living with Dinosaurs . He also played Governor Ainslee in the Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop-effects film Cutthroat Island .
muppet	Hey Warrick . I seem to remember you talking about the Environment Show on the TP forum a while back . Do you have access to the text of the article where that picture comes from ? I could have a bad memory , but I thought it was you who posted those pictures . -- Scarecroe 0012 , 20 January 2006
starwars	On the other hand , Palpatine also confessed that he understood Burtoni 's point of view .
poke	Max hears Brock , Ash and May looking for him , so Max hides , seeing them searching .
poke	To battle against such a foe , the heroes speak with Professor Oak , who shares some tips .
starwars	The porgs are unable to reach it due to a strong wind .
muppet	Oh , no , are we going to have to redo all pre-Muppet Wiki seasons airdates ? ! ? !
starwars	Christian Read
poke	Pikachu starts off by attacking Sealeo with Thunderbolt , but Seaking protects it with Horn Drill and redirects the attack to Snorunt .
starwars	Cracken presented reports insisting that Lankin was measuring the response time of those worlds and that he prepared an attack over their weaker assets .
starwars	The New Republic also suspended hiring bounty hunters since soliciting their services made the Republic 's security and military forces look weak .
poke	After that is taken care of , the heroes thank Watt and Wattson , since they came right on time .
starwars	The Republic listening post on the moon of Rishi had an `` all clear signal , '' which , if turned off , would alert a nearby Republic fleet , so Grievous ordered his droids to leave the signal untouched .
starwars	Kaz thinks that they are all inside .
starwars	Nate , however , had previously studied power-cell recharge cycles and recognized when the `` Hailfire '' droid was experiencing the reflux pattern .
poke	They drop Torchic , who is caught by May and the money bags , which Rose and Yaohei catch .
muppet	Hey , Danny , is it okay if I ask to have the first 2 Sandbox SS Discographies deleted ? You made the first one to see what 2 covers per line look like , and you made the second one when we were talking about if we should put the SS Live CDs at the end , or in order inside the main list . By the way , I was going to wait a few days , and if everybodys okay with the new layout that you and I were working on , Im going to rip the SS Discography apart and put it back together over the weekend , when Ill have time to do the whole thing at once . Thanks ! --
poke	Jessie demands some support , though Sheridan reminds her the cheering starts when the loser starts thinking how to win .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1035 , July 26 , 2010
muppet	This is currently on display at Center for Puppetry Arts . Its credited as designed and built by Ed Christie for Sesame Street in 1984 . Does anyone know what segment it was for ?
poke	Guy remembers when he had Whismur as his first Pokémon , Whismur was quite cowardly and somewhat quiet .
starwars	Pacifistic planets like Alderaan and Naboo , often relied on passive defenses like planetary shields instead of using more aggressive measures to ensure the populace 's safety .
poke	Dustox uses Psybeam , though Electrike uses Thunder Wave , negating the attack .
poke	May confirms she and Max have been traveling , but is glad they are back home for a while .
starwars	In 2015 , to promote and act as a stop-gap until the to Disneyland opened , Disney announced a promotional event called `` Season of the Force '' located in Tomorrowland , consisting of an `` The Force Awakens '' themed-update to `` '' , a clip show of the entire saga entitled `` Path of the Jedi '' , an update to the Jedi Training Academy entitled Trials of the Temple , the Star Wars Launch Bay exhibit , and `` Hyperspace Mountain '' .
poke	Erica claims that wo n't do much , since Houndoom 's Flamethrower is more powerful .
starwars	Piett 's first assignment aboard the `` Executor '' had been to monitor telemetry data received from the thousands of probe droids dispatched throughout the galaxy in search of the Rebel base .
muppet	When it was on the air and on title cards , the animated Fraggle Rock was just called ... Fraggle Rock . Annoying perhaps but for the sake of accuracy , we dont want to retitle it . If you think a page really should be renamed , please start a discussion on the talk page or forums next time , before moving . Thanks !
starwars	Klivian again scrambled one night to respond to a panicked call from Sif'kric .
poke	Despite Brock 's warning , Ash claims he has the battle under control , infuriating Flannery .
muppet	fate in the 89th episode of The MuppetCast .
poke	Ash and Max confess they wanted to switch Torchic and Combusken , since Combusken had run off and evolved .
poke	While Max and May are dealing with the crowd and Ash battles a lot of trainers to prove he is worthy to challenge Norman , Team Rocket decides to disguise themselves to take profit from the situation .
starwars	A perforated shroud covered the barrel .
poke	Max sees on PokéNav that Foothill Town is not far away , so the heroes decide to go there to heal Skitty .
muppet	Following the end of The Muppet Show , Whitmire continued to work within the Henson fold . He performed the Skeksis Scientist in The Dark Crystal , and was the only Muppeteer who both puppeteered and voiced his character . Whitmire commented on this Jim Henson and Frank Oz had people submit tapes of what they thought a Skeksis would sound like , and it just so happened that the voice I did was exactly what they had in mind . So I just happened to get lucky and get a voice that worked with no particular effort ... It just happened to be the one that was the right one .
poke	Ash helps Max , Caroline , May , and Norman to get out of the hole , while Pikachu hits Arbok , canceling its attack .
muppet	Can we talk about how we want to approach tenses on the wiki ? For example , should it be `` Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem performed this song on that episode of The Muppet Show '' or `` Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem perform this song on that episode of The Muppet Show ? '' Or is this another thing where we dont care too much about consistency ? Personally , my preference is past tense . --
poke	James and Meowth think Jessie is going to throw a tantrum , but she `` loves her Dustox '' .
poke	May is glad her Beautifly evolved today , though Ash wishes he had done some training today .
muppet	Where do we put goofs for other shows , such as The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss , for example ? Asking because in http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qrayvR3CknA in this video , at 033 , someones hand can be seen operating Little Cat As broom . -- -- User and Bert Jesse
starwars	He then managed to evade the soldiers and somehow escape , though his every move would be prohibited from then on , with New Republic forces constantly on the lookout for the Bandonian mercenary .
poke	Team Rocket recites their motto , but they also get tied up and are taken to the courtyard with the scientists .
muppet	When Mayrin discovered the truth about the Skeksis and the Alliance in Episode 105 She Knows All the `` She Knows All the Secrets '' , she was murdered by SkekVar because of her betrayal .
starwars	Prior to the Battle of Yavin , Baba and Evazan were patrons at Chalmun 's Spaceport Cantina on Tatooine .
poke	Jessie and James are thrilled to see Meowth back , but they see Pikachu wanting to battle them .
poke	Hal tells them that the transmitter will direct them to the location of an underground lake .
poke	Ash is amazed and gives the stone back to Cozmo , who promises not to give the meteorite away .
poke	Sullivan gives Ash some rods , but does not give them to others , claiming they are amateurs .
muppet	I just found a page that folks here might find helpful http//www.jimhensonlegacy.org/index.php ? option=com_content
poke	The Pokémon strike to break fre and Jimmy goes to them , but when he is pushed by the robot arm , Wartortle evolves to Blastoise .
starwars	Torra was in her room , playing `` Drone-Blaster '' and facing away from the door , when Valik and Drell arrived .
muppet	In Episode 106 Tony episode 106 of Muppets Tonight , the Fully Operational Automated Tony Bennett sings the opening line of the song . ‎Following the opening number Statler remarks in response to `` I Left My Heart '' that he once left his teeth in Minneapolis .
starwars	The leader introduced himself as Han Solo , the official emissary to Jabba the Hutt .
starwars	However , they would need to do it before the Base fully charged its weapon .
muppet	Hi ! Thanks for http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=Pixar
poke	May has cleaned her Poké Balls up and goes to put them in her bag , but sees the Poké Balls of Beautifly and Bulbasaur are missing .
poke	Brock notes it is hard to see anything in the hail , so Joy states they only have to wait until the hail stops .
poke	May imagines herself leading an expedition near the river , as the heroes move onwards .
starwars	After the rise of the Galactic Empire and the subsequent Gentis coup , Bist was released and became part of a brutal test created by Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Vader , to see who among the prisoners was worthy of joining the New Order .
starwars	Laetin A'shera and his pilots decided to use it to their advantage and finally trapped the Black Sun assassin Talonbane Cobra in the Lurid Aurora Nebula .
starwars	Over a thousand years earlier , Dessel—the boy who would become Darth Bane—killed his own father , Hurst , by using the dark side to crush the man 's heart .
muppet	The song was featured in the The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 101 The The Gink '' .
muppet	Way back in 2006 , you posted http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/The_Art_of_the_Muppets_ ? diff=113833
muppet	So basically the project was turned over to Juhl , who then turned it into The Cheapest Muppet Movie Ever Made . So the entries should be combined .
starwars	Vos went into a blood rage and with a surge of dark side power , Vos swung through his aunt with his lightsaber .
poke	The woman has no idea what she is speaking , so Calista explains the song gives them a clue to the ancient treasure .
starwars	During the Battle of Teth , when Galactic Republic forces approached the Confederacy of Independent Systems–controlled monastery , an OOM command battle droid ordered a B1 battle droid sergeant to fire on Sector 11374265 .
starwars	He brought the droids R2-D2 and C-3PO with him .
muppet	In `` Episode 108 Too Hot to Too Hot to Handler '' , Fozzie uses Mount Rushmore to think of an answer to a trivia question .
poke	Max suspects if they follow the river , they may find some rare Pokémon , while Ash hopes to find a spot for training .
starwars	Kupe and his squad revealed to the Jedi Commanders that they were allied with Zeta Magnus and left them to be tortured by Zeta Magnus and his torture droid .
starwars	However , Loodux 's assassination attempt failed and he was defeated by a group of agents .
muppet	Should this entire page be merged into Henson Kids Cameos ? —
muppet	In 1990 , material from this book was combined with the 1983 book The Sesame Street Question and Answer Book About Animals , and reissued as The Whole Wide World A Question and Answer Book .
muppet	Might be worth including , in the Trivia section , that some of the most lastingly popular Electric Company songs were written by none other than satirist Tom Lehrer
starwars	Rusher then used the vehicle to infiltrate Arkadia 's capital and assault it .
starwars	Battle of Amaltanna
starwars	Accompanied by Adi Gallia and Kit Fisto in their respective interceptors , as well as one of Plo Koon 's gunships , Master Tiin flew his Delta-7B down to the planet 's surface to help in the extraction of the prisoners .
starwars	With Serra she traveled frequently from place to place , never staying on one world for more than a few weeks at a time .
starwars	Shortly after the attempted heist , the Amani owner of the nearby Creature Stall , Bina , included the sarlacc in her interactive book , `` Bina 's Guide to the Creatures of Batuu '' , which her workers handed out to younglings nine years old or younger free of charge .
muppet	Adam Carl is an actor who voiced Donatello in the Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop-effects film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the Ooze .
starwars	Thinking they were finally safe , they were proved wrong when they found that a zombie had stowed away .
starwars	In response , Tarkin assembled various Imperial warships including the Star Destroyer `` Executrix '' and three Interdictor vessels—a Detainer CC-2200 , a CC-7700 frigate , and a prototype Immobilizer 418 cruiser—to interdict the stolen ship .
poke	Max tries to convince that the Poochyena has to evolve , since it would only become stronger .
poke	The man introduces himself as Mr. Big , who has been participating in Contests for some time .
starwars	Brockway led in the place of General Tyben , who remained with the Republic 's Chancellor Mon Mothma on the planet Chandrila during the battle so that the New Republic would not be left without military leaders if they lost at Jakku .
muppet	Messing around in various places , I found that Juno was apparently an easy listening label around the late 1960s . They made LPs by Judy Garland
starwars	Due to his misgivings about letting Skywalker learn under Jacen Solo , Luke Skywalker invited Skywalker to have a training duel with him in the Jedi Temple Sparring Arena , in the hopes that Skywalker would realize that he needed more intensive training at the Jedi Academy .
poke	Meowth also reminds them they could give Beautifly to the boss , who 'd forgive them for all the foolish things they have done .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 2235 , July 7 , 2011
poke	This makes it certain May and Timmy will battle each other and neither side will back down .
starwars	He was a long-snouted male Kubaz who spoke in his native tongue , allowing Vermia to translate for him .
muppet	Hey Kid . I am guessing they are trying out some stuff on us today , because I saw this on the Jack page . Everything was running together in a weird way . Figured Id point it out quick while it was fresh in my head . --
muppet	Cinderella was a 1965 half-hour Muppet TV pilot . Shot in October for ABC , the pilot was to have been the first in a serial of episodes with cliffhangers , each telling a part of the familiar Cinderella story . Writers Jon Stone and Tom Whedon had originally conceived the idea in 1964 as a Snow White Snow White series , utilizing Jim Jim Hensons Muppets and pitched it to CBS . When they passed , ABC showed interest but insisted the fairy tale be changed to Cinderella .
poke	Ash , May and Brock arrive to the Devon Corporation , where Kennedy explains Max has been chosen to go through a tour of the headquarters .
muppet	Kermit was also seen at his home on Sesame Street ; Grover the Grover would often come to Kermits house and sell things a frog cant use . When he wasnt being disturbed , Kermit would occasionally sing to an imaginary audience at home ; on one occasion , he performed `` My Polliwog Ways '' while imagining that his living room was a nightclub full of guests . Kermit also took part in several Muppet
poke	However , before Team Rocket was about to leap towards their enemy , Snorunt attacks and freezes them , then uses Ice Beam at a rapid pace .
poke	Just as all hope is gone , one Slakoth volunteers , making Marcel cry and hug it .
poke	Afterwards , the heroes are among the audience , waiting for Samantha to come to the stage .
muppet	What does Pachalafaka mean ? -- 69.40.103.111 1558 , September 4 , 2006
starwars	The Adventurer 5
muppet	Im confused about when this show started . The article says 1990 , but Michael added that the Mother Goose Stories 1988 video added `` new linking material . '' Scott
starwars	Wookiee dual missile turret
poke	Brock notes they will wake up refreshed after a sleep , induced by Yawn , while Max is glad Snorlax has a new home , too .
poke	Ninjask use Shadow Ball , to which Pikachu uses Thunderbolt and Mudkip Water Gun to negate the attacks .
starwars	However , he found that the artifact burned his hand , and he was unable to wield it .
poke	The King of Tricks appears again , warning some of the logs are not safe to pass .
muppet	I left a brief response to your message on my talk page . I also mentioned you to Wendy , whos also one of our admins , along with Danny . Shes been working on a lot of the songs and records , too , so Im sure shell be glad to help you ! Thanks again for sharing your collection with us ! --
poke	Brock goes to help him while the Bulbasaur use Vine Whip to help May and Max distract Team Rocket .
poke	Ash catches the cold badge , while Snorunt puts the badge case inside its `` cloak '' and uses Double Team .
poke	Suddenly , both commanders receive info that this cave is only am ancient shrine , not the Cave of Origin .
poke	Anyone who navigates this wacky maze will receive a grand prize of a year 's supply of Pokéblock .
starwars	That level of alert was tripped when Jyn Erso and Cassian Andor entered the complex 's vault .
starwars	Norton Three was apparently one of the asteroids .
muppet	The season box set releases of Fraggle Rock are intended to follow the original production seasons , not the HBO broadcast seasons . However , this intention was not carried out perfectly , as the third season set includes `` Episode 401 Sprockets Big Sprockets Big Adventure '' , which was produced as part of the fourth season , instead of `` Sidebottom Blues '' , which appears in the fourth season set .
poke	They look what happened to Nurse Joy and see she has been kidnapped by a Shiftry .
poke	The Pokémon , Spoink comes from the bush , but it is missing a pearl on its head and that makes it very tired .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1312 , 30 August 2010
poke	During the sunset , Ash is glad he got his badges back , while Sullivan wishes him luck in his next Gym Battle .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt against Ninjask , but it is an illusion of Double Team .
poke	Forretress tries to Tackle , but a Poochyena leaps and attacks Torchic , Ash , and Brock .
starwars	Barel Ovair was a prestigious Human male Jedi Master and scholar of the Old Republic .
starwars	A young farm boy named Luke Starkiller has seen the space battle from Utapau 's wasteland with his `` electrobinoculars '' , but when he tells his friends at Anchorhead about it , they dismiss it as a fantasy .
starwars	B1 battle droids ' limited programming meant they were not always effective at these types of jobs , however .
starwars	Sith truth potion
starwars	They were discovered during the time of the original Sith Empire .
poke	For some reason , when they arrive to Mr. Briney , he heartily refuses to take them there and slams the door .
muppet	When we get a full table for this , would it be wrong if we included the script from Talk Monster on the bottom ? - Oscarfan 0024 , July 18 , 2011
starwars	Bane and his colleagues then destroyed R5-S9 .
muppet	To mark the occasion , Kermit was the official holiday mascot for Macys in 2002 , and he rode on Santas sleigh at the end of the parade .
muppet	`` a few '' . Would the text be better off changed to `` however , two/three presented . . . ''
muppet	Heres the completed listing for it , if anyones interested http//cgi.ebay.com/La-Choy-Chinese-Foods-Inflatable-Dragon-Raft-Rare-promo_W0QQitemZ230290866970QQcmdZViewItem ? hash=item230290866970
starwars	Moxie says no and manages to brake her truck in front of Lieutenant Mundu .
poke	Max asks when is dad coming , but Caroline states he wo n't come this day and starts shaking .
muppet	The Man in the Wilderness In a Tarzan reference , Jane responds to Tarzan that many herrings are in the wood . A herring and a seal become friends to go on a request for a rotten egg .
poke	Max puts the pearl on Spoink 's head , which recovers the latter to full health .
poke	Pikachu attacks Nosepass with Iron Tail , mastering the move and defeating Nosepass .
starwars	Found on Tarsa , enormous Alessian terror moths would swarm around any light source .
poke	Brock sends his Forretress out and uses Rapid Spin on the Beedrill , who flies off , while Brock , Ash and Rita come to Natalie , who gets scolded by Rita .
starwars	Now cast out , the Moomos embarked on careers as muscle-for-hire and occasional bounty bounty hunters , always working together despite their history .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Firemans Anthem page .
muppet	Also , please let me know if theres something that should be changed ; I can change the templates and add more fields , if people want that . And let me know if you have any questions about it ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1942 , 11 Jan 2006
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0456 , April 23 , 2009
muppet	The Sesame Street coloring book Museum of Monster Art spoofs the print , with Grover battling the giant wave .
starwars	As Rukil grew older , the younglings in his village began to refer to him as `` Rukil Wrinkle-Skin , '' and nearly everyone ceased to believe in the Promised Land save for his apprentice .
muppet	This ERIC document reproduces the script highlights for Episodes 1056-1075. http//www.eric.ed.gov/PDFS/ED149762.pdf
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2244 , May 16 , 2011
starwars	He became an important spy for the Free Ryloth movement .
starwars	Bezim was a planet in the Mid Rim .
muppet	On August 3 , 2009 , the soundtrack was released exclusively on Amazon.com on CD and for digital download .
starwars	Ode was vivacious and a skilled pilot .
starwars	Species Sekun could appear as included Aqualish , Bothans , Bith , Humans , Rodians , Trandoshans , Twi'leks , and Zabrak of either gender , and Devaronians , Ishi Tib , Nikto , and Sullustans of the male gender .
poke	Meowth uses a launcher to stop Grovyle from using Bullet Seed , taping its mouth .
poke	Shauna comes to Meditite , who thanks Ash for the battle and claiming she has no hard feelings about her loss .
poke	Mr. Moore promises Ash 's Gym match will come tomorrow , but offers a sand bath , exciting May and Max .
muppet	Some kind of code error in the first paragraph here , dont know how to fix it , thought Id point it out . User Max riverbottom
muppet	The Hole to Who-Knows-Where is an as of yet , not fully explored location featured in Episode 312 Gobos School for Explorers . The location of the Hole to Who-Knows-Where is found after Gobo falls down from Clifftop Rest . It is ultimately discovered that the Hole to Who-Knows-Where ends in the Fraggles The Great Great Hall .
poke	Royce explains Kain was traveling the regions to find unusual Pokémon and left Spinda to Claire .
poke	Skitty begins with Double Slap , followed by a Tackle , hitting Watt 's Ampharos .
muppet	My bad ; its a house rule at Wikipedia . - User Lucky 6.9 0541 , 23 May 2006
starwars	Shortly before the Sith occupied the planet during the Jedi Civil War , the Republic ran a medical center in the Upper City .
poke	The battlefield is a swimming pool and the butler explains the rules : the first round is a Double Battle , while the others are 3-on-3 , and Ash is the only one that can swap Pokémon .
poke	The family decides to battle Ash , May , Max and Brock , in honor of their eldest son , Vito , who is watching the battle and wondering what to do , since he gave up on his dream to become the Champion of Hoenn League .
muppet	So -- totally confusing . I should update that Western Publishing page some more .
starwars	During the Galactic Republic , it was also known as Republic City or the City of Spires .
muppet	While were here , I want to the rabbit character is a Muppet Show rabbit puppet with different ears , but wasnt sure if I should add it .
poke	Ash gives advice to May she should n't think of what happened , but on the battle itself .
poke	All three Mightyena use Hyper Beam while Corphish , Pikachu and Sealeo use BubbleBeam , Thunderbolt and Aurora Beam , countering the attacks and causing an explosion .
poke	Just as Ash has his unofficial battle with Norman ( since he requires three Pokémon to battle Norman ) , Team Rocket appears and snatches Torchic , by accident .
poke	Beautifly uses Silver Wind on Masquerain , but Masquerain breaches through the attack unscathed , then uses the same attack on Beautifly , but the latter evades as well .
poke	Max wonders if this is breeding ; Brock explains it is somewhat different of which he is working on .
muppet	In both France and Japan , The Dark Crystal was the highest-grossing box office release for the year , and thusly it is the second highest grossing Henson film to date . The film remains a fan favorite that has remained consistently strong with worldwide home video and DVD sales
starwars	Jastro III was an Imperial planet located in the Jastro system .
poke	While Juan is surprised , Pikachu attacks Milotic with Thunder at full power , brightening the water and defeating Milotic completely .
starwars	Jop and his squad participated in the capture of the Imperial strongpoint , which they managed to take with light casualties—although they could not hold it since Alliance combat doctrine stated that operations were to be hit-and-fade only .
muppet	The Muppets Studio logo became the signature on productions of the company , web series such as From the Balcony , and The Muppets Kitchen with Cat Cora , and television specials like the Studio DC Almost Live shows and A Muppets Christmas Letters to Santa . The logo was also added to home video releases by Buena Vista Home Entertainment . In 2007 , The Muppets Studio collaborated with Walt Disney Imagineering to create the Muppet Mobile Lab . In 2009 , the company launched a YouTube channel , a promotional Twitter feed , and an official Facebook page .
poke	Ash rallies Max and Brock to find this mysterious Pokémon , forcing May to sigh in despair .
starwars	The ring was in the possession of an unnamed hermit in a squill cave on Tatooine .
muppet	The plush features vocal tracks by Kevin Clash , recorded before his resignation from Sesame Workshop .
starwars	Oz served as a liaison between Torrent Company and the Planetary Security forces .
starwars	The device marked targets with microscopic and undetectable tags , allowing the main computer to track them anywhere on the planet , and the satellite could fire with pinpoint accuracy to eliminate any target that the computer sent to it , without any extraneous loss of life .
muppet	Side query I noticed during Muppet * Vision 3D some comic strips pinned on the wall . I IDd the Family Circus , but I cant tell what the one below it is . This was the best pic I could manage , sorry ...
poke	Pikachu blasts Team Rocket off with Iron Tail , as they fly off in ice , shaped like the space shuttle .
muppet	Update Just found a picture of him from around this time period http//www.williamjames.com/Folklore/HEALING.htm
muppet	I happened across http//www.allbusiness.com/entertainment-arts/artists-performers/14792562-1.html this article today . Im too lazy to do anything with it at the moment , but perhaps someone else might use it to add to his page . -- Ozzel 2100 , February 5 , 2012
poke	They look inside the house , finding nobody present , but Vito suspects they might be on the battlefield .
poke	Max spots the bottom being just ordinary metal , so Armaldo cuts through , much to Team Rocket 's displeasure .
starwars	Most Gossam were selfish , scheming beings skilled at the art of business .
muppet	Maybe thesell come in handy or find a place eventually , so Im parking them here
muppet	Meneer Aart Leven en werken van de man die geen kindervriend wil heten is the biography of Aart Staartjes , who works on Sesamstraat , the Dutch co-production of Sesame Street .
starwars	The Glymphid informed them that he had `` found '' them .
poke	On August 14 , 2012 , it was announced through a quarterly report that 4Kids Entertainment had discontinued operations of four operating divisions : 4Kids Ad Sales Inc. , 4Kids Productions Inc. , 4Kids Entertainment Music Inc. , and 4Kids Entertainment Home Video , Inc. due to their continued lack of profitability .
starwars	Unfortunately for them , more traps lay ahead , and the four friends were barely able to avoid several metal blades that sprung up in the center of the slide .
starwars	The Sith occupiers also promoted the notion that the past two millennia of Alanciari history had been a period of `` collective madness '' .
starwars	Skywalker thanked the prisoners for helping and guaranteed their aid will affect their parole .
poke	Pikachu and Nuzleaf attempt to bail out , but the materials made to capture them are too sturdy .
muppet	Waldos design was led by Kirk Thatcher with input from a variety of other artists , including Timothy Young and animated by Pacific Data Images ,
starwars	Later , Rede and his squadmates were tasked to kill a Jedi who had been cornered on Coruscant .
starwars	Ren says that he was not , but that it does not matter because `` the master '' will find another suitable candidate soon .
muppet	Valeria Lovelace said about the shows new format for each episode , `` lessons on one topic are to be clustered during an hour rather than spread out through the show as they have been . One show in January , for example , will portray the letter `` D '' in three consecutive segments first its marked out in candles , then its depicted in a sand animation , and finally its shown growing out of the ground . This will be followed by three segments on another topic , rain . First , Ernie and the Twiddlebugs go out in the rain , then there is a rain dance in clay animation , and finally rain and wind are rendered in Chinese calligraphy . In addition to being clustered , these segments are in tune with the new approach because they stress not only the visual and the verbal but also musical , interpersonal and spatial relationships ''
poke	However , on June 2 , 2011 , bankruptcy judge Shelley Chapman issued a court order on TV Tokyo and NAS for an automatic stay on the U.S .
muppet	He made a cameo in `` Episode 110 Secrets of the Secrets of the Muppets '' at the OMD , and in The Muppets at Walt Disney World during `` Im Doggin It '' .
poke	James has another idea and bashes some skiing shoes to launch out Poké Balls similar to a baseball game .
starwars	A Jedi falls .
poke	Wobbuffet runs and plays an instrument , while Claydol floats to it , as it fell in love .
starwars	The heist succeeded and the group stole 12 vials of coaxium worth 60 million credits .
muppet	On vacation in Los Angeles , Walter , the worlds biggest Muppet fan , and his friends Gary to raze Muppet the Muppet Theater and drill for the oil recently discovered beneath the Muppets former stomping grounds . To stage The Greatest Muppet Telethon Ever and raise the $ 10-million needed to save the theater , Walter , Mary and Gary help Kermit the Frog reunite the Muppets , who have all gone their separate ways Fozzie now performs with a Reno casino tribute band called The Moopets , Miss Piggy is a plus-size fashion editor at Vogue Paris , Animal is in a Santa Barbara clinic for anger management , and Gonzo is a high-powered plumbing magnate . With secret , signature , celebrity cameos , `` The Muppets '' hits the big screen November 23 , 2011 .
muppet	The Mexican Hat Dancers appeared on The Muppet Show in Episode 415 Anne episode 415 . They were to have performed a number if it were not for Scooters skateboard left on the floor backstage . Kermit the Kermit trips over it , causing a raucous laugh from the dancers . Unfortunately for them , it also caused Kermit to wreck the scenery for their number . To their chagrin , Kermit brings the audience what he can only describe as a Planet piece of weirdness .
starwars	After the Separatist Council departed , Kenobi revealed himself .
muppet	I realize we dont typically post lyrics on this site , but a while ago I wrote down all the different versions of Seymour and Pepes song . I was wondering if there was any place these might be included on here , considering they were all written specifically for the episodes . I asked Guillermo recently , and he suggested I ask some of the other admins . What does anyone else think ? Gribbaziggy 2102 , 30 December 2006
muppet	Also , please dont start a new thread for an existing conversation . Thanks for understanding .
poke	Ash tells Max and Brock she would n't leave without Max , as her promise bound her .
poke	Jigglypuff appears before Ash , May and Alanna , then starts to sing , causing them to get sleep .
starwars	Harrsk returned to his power base in the Deep Core , and rebuilt whatever he could holding on to part of the Western Core as he regrouped and planned his next move .
poke	They arrive in to Birch 's lab , but a car flies from a top of the cliff , goes past them and nearly crashing itself .
poke	Corphish uses Crabhammer on them and Snorunt opens the window , so Team Rocket gets blasted off .
starwars	Like its predecessors , `` X-Wing vs .
starwars	Now that he was a cyborg , and feeling at home with the irregular clones , Echo decided to join the Bad Batch and left Anaxes with them .
muppet	At the age of 17 , Oz first met Jim Henson at the Puppeteers of America festival in California . At age 19 , in 1963 , he joined the burgeoning Muppets , Inc. as a right hand for Rowlf the Rowlf in variety appearances . His first impression of Henson was as `` this very quiet , shy guy who did these absolutely * * * * * * * amazing puppets that were totally brand new and fresh , that had never been done before . ''
poke	Jessie is mad , but being reminded this is her chance to capture Seviper , she sends her Wobbuffet , ordering it to battle Seviper .
poke	A trainer 's Aipom gets scared , then runs away ; Skitty follows it because of its tail .
muppet	Elmo has also appeared as a main character in several Sesame Street international co-productions , including 5 , Rue Sésame in France , Sesamgade in Denmark , Sesamstrasse in Germany , Sesamstraat in the Netherlands and in the United British co-production The Furchester Hotel .
poke	Per May 's order , Torchic uses Ember while Mudkip uses Water Gun , negating Ember .
muppet	Hi ! I saw the message that you left for Andrew ... Are you still having problems uploading images ? Let me know whats up , maybe I can help you out . --
muppet	Several documentaries have used clips from the film Sesame Street Unpaved Sesame Street Unpaved , A
muppet	Hi Ken ! Do you still need this
poke	May sends her Wurmple , who uses String Shot , but it is countered , due to James ' Cacnea 's Pin Missile .
muppet	The Dodos are a family of dodos living at 35 Canary Row in Oceanview , Illinois . In the Sesame Street film Follow That Bird , they briefly acted as Big Birds foster family , but , while well-meaning , they served only to remind Big Bird where his real family is on Sesame Street Sesame Street .
poke	Drew wonders if they are here to participate as well , but Ash replies they came to cheer for May .
muppet	Hi , Scarcroe ! Ive added the `` Muppet Monsters '' Category on several pages dedicated to some weird Muppet Characters Shakey Sanchez , Screaming Thing , Chopped Liver , Silver Beak , Vile Bunch Drummer and Vile Bunch Guitarist . If you think its not relevant , please dont hesitate to remove it . Thank you . - ) Bat-Power 2126 , 29 May 2009
muppet	Was Farley the kid singing `` Has anybody seen my dog ? '' -- User Day Monster 1123 , May 17 , 2006
poke	Ash asks the boy to send his Pokémon first , but the boy refuses , causing both sides to argue with each other .
starwars	Message Network
poke	Ash goes to take the badge case , though Snorunt replies by using Icy Wind and goes away .
poke	Dusclops uses Will-O-Wisp , though Skitty 's Assist turns into Ember , which stops Dusclops ' attack .
poke	As they walk onwards , May is n't pleased they have n't found a restaurant yet .
starwars	Kun
poke	Soon , the robot falls as well , due to the material it is made of has been recycled too many times .
poke	He also plans to steal Camerupt , although James is skeptical what would he do with a Camerupt , but Jessie thinks why not steal both the equipment and the Camerupt .
poke	Sigourney claims it is not known where Claydol would move to , since its movement is unpredictable .
muppet	I think , collectively , its worth taking a look at this category . Right now , its a hodgepodge of articles , for recurring sketches and individual sketches , and some things , like `` The Noodle Story '' which arent strictly television sketches at all , just audio skits . I also mention this since a lot of the one-time skit pages feature made up names , sketchy writing , or seem otherwise negligible .
poke	This makes Max , May and Ash upset , but Brock has a good reason , so he runs off , with his friends following him .
muppet	https//www.deviantart.com/thomperfan/art/Jimmy-s-12th-birthday-party-Ft-Season-32-SP-802569771
muppet	Frank Oz says that he had his character down to five words Sex , sleep , food , drums and pain .
starwars	Ohnaka also somehow gained hold of Kenobi 's lightsaber even though the Jedi Master was not supposed to bring it , suggesting that Kenobi had kept it concealed on his person or in Skywalker 's ship .
poke	While Ash and Brock try to open the cages , Jessie sends Seviper and James his Cacnea , who hugs its trainer .
starwars	`` Broadside '' was the nickname of an experienced clone trooper pilot who served in Shadow Squadron , a Galactic Republic fighter unit under the command of Jedi General Anakin Skywalker during the Clone Wars .
starwars	The two initially came to an arrangement , but Xizor later went back upon his word after reassessing the risk of Imperial reprisal Black Sun would be taking by aiding the Jedi recover the leader of Whiplash .
muppet	During the season that this song premiered , every time a celebrity appeared on the show , the producers would tape a special verse to be sung by that celebrity , and these verses were then edited into the song for later re-airing . Celebrities included John Candy , Celia Cruz , Jane Curtin , Paul Pee Wee Herman , Jeremy Irons , Gordon Jackson , Madeline Kahn , Jean Marsh , Andrea Martin , Itzhak Perlman , Rhea Perlman , Pete Seeger , and Paul Simon .
starwars	A member of the fan site Rebels Report , who was sent an advance copy of the book for review , stated that he was thrilled to see the names associated with the original radio dramas in the cast list on the inside cover .
muppet	Right now , theres 52 categories in Themes , plus or minus , so itll probably take a few weeks to go through all of them . Thats fine , theres no rush on this . We dont need instant decisions as much as we need a good decision-making process . --
poke	Ash is interested how fired up May is , so Brock knows she will win the Contest .
muppet	Randall the Zebra was seen for the first time in The Animal Show episode `` Episode 107 Zebra
poke	Grovyle uses Quick Attack , but Exploud stops the attack and hits Grovyle away .
poke	The heroes have arrived to Pacifidlog Town , where May is training with her Pokémon before her final Contest .
muppet	Wontkins is watching a Wilkins Coffee commercial featuring Wilkins on his TV set , then he turns at the camera and says
starwars	Leaving Solo to destroy the bunker , X2 and Serra set off to an Imperial ion cannon in order to use it against enemy Star Destroyers .
poke	Although May wants to go sightseeing , Ash has only one thing left to do in Town , to get the seventh badge from Mossdeep City Gym .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1702 , October 10 , 2010
starwars	The addition of the seeds stopped the Raich and turned him back into a harmless tree .
starwars	A Republic fleet attacks an Imperial shipyard , and the video shows gameplay footage of `` Liberator '' -class starfighters and Mark VI `` Supremacy '' -class starfighters dogfighting before the surveillance droid is destroyed .
muppet	Quick query on this
poke	Torkoal dodges Seviper 's Poison Tail and uses Flamethrower , pushing Seviper to the balloon .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 2153 , April 18 , 2009
muppet	Tyler James Williams .
starwars	He was once the owner of Twi'lek dancing girl C'ar L'andara until she escaped .
poke	The men from Team Aqua arrived , but the men in red are one step ahead ; Mightyena uses Shadow Ball , but a Carvanha uses Hydro Pump to negate the attack .
muppet	Dont forget that you can see a list of the most recently created articles at Special . Theres some really nice variety in there .
poke	In 1987 , Robert Kotick ( now President and CEO of Activision Blizzard ) tried to acquire Commodore International .
starwars	Laughing contemptuously at his opponent , Sidious taunted Yoda with the fact that the Order had been destroyed , and that the Jedi were all but extinct .
poke	However , Romeo drops his stick , causing the Volbeat to descend down , but they collide with Illumise and fall into the lake .
starwars	On his own Solimon was able to learn some basic Force powers including Accelerate Healing , Force sense and to Detoxify Poison .
muppet	The November 21 premiere date has been archived as early as 2005 when Guillermo created the Episode 2486 page , though I dont think anyone knows or remembers where that originally came from . I did recently find an Ebay entry for a press photo that has November 14 as the season start date , so yeah , I say we should fix .
muppet	Thanks for fixing that . If you or Danny want to tell me how to create the thumb image Im willing to help keep up with the main page picture although Ive figured til now that you guys mostly want to do it yourselves ... --
poke	Ash 's Taillow spots Max , who has fallen down , as the Zigzagoon have jumped to eat the berries .
starwars	However , this mission fell apart due to Astane 's xenophobic remarks towards Chief Beon Beonel .
muppet	Hey ! Its always nice to see friends on the wiki ! Scott
muppet	Has this aired yet ? LAs getting it tonight
starwars	He was recruited into the Resistance through his friend Dolin .
starwars	Excavated Rakata vault
starwars	The audiobook was performed by Anthony Heald and was released by Random House Audio on February 20 , 2007 .
muppet	File Street Explores National Parks Gateway National Recreation Area -- Seasons
poke	As the Pokémon relax a bit , Max thinks he and May could go swimming , for a while .
poke	While resting a while , heroes see this is why nobody visits the island , while May panics about her Contest .
poke	The heroes recall imagining what characters will be displayed or what will happen .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Around the Block Parade page .
muppet	So where did these photos come from ? Who take pictures of them ?
poke	Drew appears , giving the rose to Beautifly and clarifying that if he 'd battle May in first round , she would n't have won .
starwars	Wartaki
starwars	Hard-working laborers visited CoCo Town to congregate at the diner .
muppet	Finnerty played the electric guitar for the Sesame Street song `` Rebel L . ''
muppet	As Caroll Spinney has aged , the show has gradually started to train new performers to play Big Bird . These apprentices include both Rick Lyon in the opening theme song of the shows 20th , 25th , and 33rd seasons
poke	James uses a net to grab Pikachu , but this causes everyone to go up , out of the hole .
muppet	I dont have a subscription , but its located here https//www.newspapers.com/newspage/47248670/
starwars	Galas ( city )
poke	May 's Skitty performs , using Double Slap to juggle the balls , but Max advises her not to overdo it .
starwars	During the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the reconstituted Sith Empire , a Rodian thief was burgling the high-security chamber of a casino situated on Talravin .
poke	Roxanne calms the child , named as Tommy , down , reminding him students should become friends and learn together .
muppet	`` Many Friendly Neighbors '' was released on January 1 , 2016 .
muppet	This thread is about those sixty episodes and the Potential outlets highlighted in the first post . Please stay on topic .
poke	While Abby inspects Meowth , Jessie and James turn their attention to Skitty and Johnny .
muppet	Is this page really neccessary ? I mean , wasnt it previously deleted by Henrik , and considering Prarie Dawn is just a Hot Pink AM , would that realyl count as a `` Through the years '' article ? Wattamack4 0237 , February 11 , 2010 Alex
starwars	A ladder , located just behind the main hold , allowed access to these turrets .
poke	Ash and May have arrived to Petalburg City , where the former hopes to fight the Gym Leader .
poke	Kelly notes how pretty they are and sees she and Grumpig have some tough competition .
starwars	Their leaders were no longer in charge , their planet was renamed G3-477 , and the citizens were forced to dig the toxic sands of their deserts to build Imperial bases and mining operations .
muppet	Hi , Arthur ! Whats your source for Osvaldo , el Gruñón , when you claimed Richard Hunt took over for subsequent seasons ? I took it out for now
poke	Tommy encourages his son to make the most of this chance he has in the Contest , which could be his very last one .
starwars	He then boarded a cruiser and set it to take off , before exiting the vehicle unseen through the front .
poke	Jimmy admits he never actually won a battle and one day , he slept in a boat in Lilycove City and the boat simply drifted away to the Bomba Island .
muppet	In the 1990s , a reworked version of the Milton puppet appeared in The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 101 The The Gink '' for the song '' Dont Get a Gink '' .
poke	Liza mentions that their father is the director of the company and an astronaut .
muppet	The red book has info on http//www.henson.com/jimsredbook/2012/03/30/3301976/ a guest appearance in a Japanese show/special , but it doesnt reveal the title .
muppet	`` Wembley , Wembley , Number 9 '' is sung by the Fraggles after Wembley Wembley accidentally spills Love Potion No . love potion in the Fraggle Pond , causing everyone who inhales it to fall madly in love with him . The song is performed in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 113 We Love You , We Love You , Wembley . ''
starwars	After the others had cleared out , Skywalker proposed that they create a new Rebel Alliance , a group which had not given up and could be prepared to continue the war against the Yuuzhan Vong .
muppet	Im asking just to find out how strongly you feel about those captions . If you love them , then cool , theyre fine . But if you dont really care , then my preference would be to take them out and just let the title card speak for itself . Im not super bugged about it , though , so it depends on how you feel . What do you think ? --
muppet	Is this a Sesame Street Live show , or a stage show at the theme park , or something else ? -- Scarecroe 2138 , 26 January 2006
starwars	It was set up in line with Asteroid Mining Unit XP-MU 3376 in the asteroid field near Kessel .
starwars	Xiono managed to get an invitation into the Aces ' Lounge inside the tower from Hype Fazon , one of the Aces and a former friend of Ryvora .
starwars	As a result , Bibble was brought before Gunray .
starwars	However Aphra survived and in return backstabbed Tan leaving him for dead , where Tan 's attempt failed Aphra 's succeeded as Tan died .
muppet	blocked as User , User , User , User , User , User , User1994 , User Goudiss , User , User
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- JParanoid Talk ) 0141 , 18 July 2009
starwars	In 21.9 BBY , one month after the Battle of Geonosis , which marked the start of the Clone Wars between the Galactic Republic and Confederacy of Independent Systems , Dooku and the Separatist Droid Army used the `` Harbinger '' to invade the moon of Alaris Prime in the Kashyyyk system .
muppet	help ?
muppet	In addition to Kermits signature , those of a number of other core Muppet cast members appear on this poster . They are
starwars	At some point prior to the Invasion of Naboo , Hondo attended an auction hosted by Xev Xrexus in the Drazkel system , which offered assorted illicit goods to invited buyers .
starwars	It was then an escort ship for Task Force Whirlwind .
muppet	I have recently noticed that in several episodes of The Muppet Show , there are posters in the background that seem to have inside jokes . In some episodes
muppet	Ive been hearing so much about this `` Sexual Harris , '' its nice to finally see him . --
starwars	As Fel 's grip tightened , the vertebrae in Alema Rar 's neck shattered and she died .
starwars	Later , Kaz , Torra and Hype finds Neeku in the game room .
starwars	Attaching an umbilical to the Sith ship , they dispatched three strike teams to investigate it .
muppet	For decades the show used to consist of around 50 percent of The United States of American material , like most Sesame Street international co-productions of Sesame Street . But from 2007 onwards , the American material has been used less and less , so that by today an average Sesamstrasse episode only contains one or two American produced sketches . Also , just as it has become common practice on Sesame Street since 2002 to drop the framing story format , Sesamstrasses street scenes began airing as a whole at the beginning of each episode . Beginning in 2008 , the show was shot in high definition .
poke	Arriving in the Pokémon Center , the heroes encounter Team Rocket , as well as the mysterious Pokémon , Lunatone .
starwars	The pawnshop was located in Bilbousa Bazaar , the primary marketplace in the city of Bilbousa .
muppet	That being said -- this is a tricky one , because the title isnt a spoof or anything . This is how I wrote it
starwars	Continuing the centenary tradition , a disagreement between two tribes could be solved with a public duel of champions from both tribes ; only if the losing tribe did not fill the conditions of the agreement would then a war be waged .
muppet	Ive forgotten the name now of that pink Japanese character who seemed to dominate their park .
muppet	This is another one of those one-line Muppet Mention pages , and one Im beginning to wonder about . I never really watched Recess , and dont know if its still on the air on Disney Channel or anything , but if anyone here does , it might be worth checking . I cant help but wonder if the word was actually `` moppets , '' which could easily be misheard as `` Muppets . '' And if it * is * accurate , I might again raise the question of whether one-line mentions at random , as opposed to series with multiple references or a visual Muppet-related gag , might be consolidated at some point . Pages like this and the even worse
muppet	John Cormican is a sculptor who worked for Jim Hensons Creature Shop from 1995 until approximately 2003 . He shared in an Emmy Emmy Award for Outstanding Makeup for a Miniseries , Movie or a Special for Jack and the Beanstalk The Real Story .
starwars	Due to her position , Biala was aware of the project and that large amounts of her government 's funding were allocated to it .
starwars	The Hovan system was a star system located in the Mid Rim 's Senex sector .
muppet	The Muppets performing the song in the office included Fozzie Bear , Animal , Bobo the Bear , Floyd Pepper , Gonzo , Rizzo the Rat , Yolanda Rat , Dr. Bunsen Honeydew , Beaker , Sweetums , Zoot , Janice , Lew Zealand , Chip , Lips , Dr. Teeth , Pepe the King Prawn , The Swedish Chef and Big Mean Carl .
poke	After Jessie , James , Ash and May walk and argue parallel to each other when the forest clears , Team Rocket and the heroes meet up .
poke	uses this same sprite , and when caught , its name in the Pokédex is shown as the same name as of non-identified Pokédex entries .
muppet	That automatically lists the page in the Talk Active Talk Pages category , and it draws attention to your question . Its easy for people to miss it otherwise .
starwars	Rebel Navy ( aquatic )
starwars	In the following days , it was discovered that a clone army had been created for the Republic in secret on the hidden world of Kamino .
muppet	There was some questions asked User talk/Faqs.org here and somebody brought up the fact that one site lists Episode 2595 as the first appearance of the song `` Put It in the Trash Can '' . Is that episode listed in your guides , and can you check to see that it is indeed in that episode ? -- User Minor muppetz 0203 , April 7 , 2010
poke	Max has found the port , but it seems that it has been abandoned , like the rest of this part of the city .
muppet	Cattralls other credits include voice over work on The Simpsons and Rugrats , the feature film Star Star Trek VI The Undiscovered Country , and guest spots on Charlies Angels , The Incredible Hulk , and Columbo .
starwars	Scourge is voiced by Joseph Gatt in `` The Old Republic '' , and as with all companion characters in the game , the player can gain or lose affection with Scourge depending on chosen actions and choices in cutscenes .
starwars	Saren Llalik believed that Nashiak did not really share the political views of the Empire , as he had only started working toward Imperial interests when new laws stopped him from continuing to work on his own projects .
muppet	Each Fraggle describes his or her own job Mokey Mokey gathers radishes , Red Red cleans The Fraggle Pond , Gobo Gobo is an explorer , and Boober Boober likes anything boring . Wembley isnt sure what he wants to do .
starwars	Duja and Padmé Amidala both attempted to send messages via Interstel Systems , but the comm triad ceased to work .
poke	The heroes are amazed by the teleporter , for any Pokémon that gets sick on Islands B or C can be teleported right away .
muppet	Can this be ? Is it the Pantalones , back in action ? --
muppet	Also , do you have any more details for
poke	Professor Birch points out the difference in the Pokémon 's eyes , but Jessie does not refuses to accept any of it .
muppet	Muppet motion comics Boom Studios is preparing a The Muppet Show motion motion comic adaptation of their Eisner Award-winning series of Muppet Show comic books .
poke	Juan is surprised , while Corphish runs and uses Crabhammer , defeating Sealeo and bashing it on a wall .
poke	Max nervously runs off , making Ash , May and Brock wonder what 's up with him .
muppet	Matalon pitched the concept to Carol-Lynn Parente senior producer of the show . In a press release for the series , he explained the premise and development as follows I wanted to create a really intelligent and edgy female role model who could not only have some fun but inform . I have two small kids of my own and I see the thought progressions developing all the time . It only takes being a parent for a couple of minutes to realize that kids are really smart and we often take for granted and underestimate their knowledge and their powers of evaluation and deduction . Thats where the germ of the idea came from . I wanted to create a female Dashiell Sam Spade in the body of a seven year old ! } }
poke	Alyssa orders Thatcher to battle with Team Rocket , despite him not knowing how to .
muppet	Wow ! --
starwars	Cauldron
starwars	The Separatist Admiral dispatched most of his forces to secure the main Republic assembly plant on Anaxes .
poke	Team Rocket appears , so Jessie sends Seviper and James Cacnea ( who hugs James ) .
poke	Both sides start arguing , so Nurse Joy splits them up , only for the taller one to leave .
starwars	Omega Six was a callsign utilized by the Galactic Empire 's Omega Flight Group during the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	The All Terrain Tactical Enforcer was considered an assault vehicle .
poke	After driving off the Gulpin , the professor uses a machine to launch Gulpin away .
muppet	File cook with Gino Dacampo on This Morning - 8th February Fozzie and Rizzos 2012 appearance
muppet	Cover `` Its The Jim Henson Hour ! ! ''
muppet	Thought you might dig this .
muppet	He played the role of Bekhesh in the episodes `` Episode 104 Throne for a Throne for a Loss '' , `` Episode 219 Liars , Guns and Money With Friends Like These ... '' .
starwars	The War Council Advisory Panel was responsible for the deployment of a number of clone specialists , including the elite Shock Troopers who patrolled the streets of Coruscant .
starwars	However , Cho 's assertions of the Talz 's lack of sentience were not backed up by evidence , and he did not even allow the Talz to be tested for sentience in accordance with the Convention of Civilized Systems .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-03-14T002006
starwars	After the crew leaves , the protocol droid GA-97 is hiding from onlookers to pick up information on BB-8 .
starwars	Instead of fleeing , the pirates chose to gather their forces and make their stand at Khuiumin .
poke	Max spies on Nicolai , swearing his revenge on him , since he claimed his father would be very easy to defeat .
starwars	Norra and her rebel companions then proceeded to free the prisoners which included her husband and Temmin 's father Brentin Lore Wexley and the Wookiee Chewbacca .
poke	During the sunset , Max sees the lava from the volcano cooled off and created more land .
starwars	Having had his first experience with the dark side on Fort Anaxes , Bridger ventured to the Jedi Temple on Lothal with Jarrus , who wanted to make sure that his Padawan could actually become a Jedi .
poke	Pikachu hears the Pokémon is coming , but Ash realizes too soon that it is coming behind them and they all get blown away .
starwars	Exobiology Institute
muppet	Four pirates are on a small ship captain Rumpel by the helm , pirate Finchen at the lookout post , pirate Nils scrubbing the deck and pirate Pferd as the cook . They are currently stranded out on the sea with no wind in the sails . Pferd is fishing , hoping to catch some carrots , since they have run out of food , but instead he catches a bottle containing a treasure map . Shortly afterwards , the wind returns and they quickly set sail towards the island on the map .
starwars	They departed for Nordra , the current location of the Rebel fleet , soon afterward .
muppet	Season 12 is set to air in October 2009 , with the focus being on ecology .
muppet	The humorous song `` Its Hard to Be Humble '' is sung by Mac Davis , Link Hogthrob and the Muppets on The Muppet Show Episode 514 Mac episode 514 .
starwars	The fire started in one of the processors ; security reported that several workers testified that the processor in question had been recently serviced and was in working order .
starwars	Padawan Da ' k encountered Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Vader , who corrupted him to the dark side unbeknownst to the man 's master .
poke	The heroes leave the house , though Mr. Briney turns to the man , addressing him as a part of Team Aqua .
poke	Poncho is feeling bad for taking the sandwiches , but promises the next time he sees the heroes , he 'll give them the cheeseburgers .
poke	Cacnea attacks with Pin Missile to damage Torchic , but is cancelled by Pikachu 's Thunderbolt .
starwars	The degree of the curve at the top of the hilt in relation to the hand holds was the important factor .
poke	Dust is sprayed over Swablu , who flaps its wings as hard as it can and flies off .
muppet	I really dont want to start another Muppeteer ID conflict , but this seems necessary to bring up . Recently , this was added under the trivia section The black and white cow was puppeteered by Pam } } This appears to be from The Muppet Mindsets http//themuppetmindset.blogspot.com/2010/01/interview-with-muppeteer-pam-arciero.html interview with Pam . The Moo Wave is pictured next to a section where Pam quotes the cows as being her favorite AMs , yet , from what Ive read of the interview , I can find no quote from her directly clarifying said fact . Although its definitely possible that she did perform one of the cows here , theres no exact note of that from what I could find , and with no source given , the fact alone cant be noted anywhere . --
poke	Nintendo had already introduced The Legend of Zelda for its home video game system , a software product that went on to sell more than one million copies during the year .
poke	Treecko starts with Quick Attack , hitting Loudred , so Loudred stomps Treecko .
starwars	In the new , speedy interceptors , they were able to ward off the TIE attackers .
poke	However , the cart suddenly stops and without any technical help , Ash climbs to Mount Chimney to find some help .
muppet	You may also use the sandbox example at Sandbox 3363 to see it in action .
poke	The receptionist tells her she ca n't enter when she does not have any ribbons , depressing her .
muppet	Johnny Fiama is a crooner who sings in the style of entertainers like Frank Sinatra , Dean Martin and of course Tony Bennet , with whom he duetted in Muppets Tonight Episode 106 Tony episode 106 . His bodyguard is Sal Minella , a hot-tempered monkey who often attacks whoever he thinks is in the way of Johnny Fiama . Johnny also lives with Mama his Mother . In addition to singing , Johnny Fiama also hosted his own segment on Muppets Tonight , `` The Johnny Fiama Show '' .
poke	Bulbasaur uses Petal Dance , knocking both Pokémon and Joshua compliments May for those attacks , while Erica is enraged .
muppet	Sure thing . Jane Yamada . Also i have several books that arent listed could i just send you the pic , ISBN , illustrators and everything else to you ? Kyle 0408 , 12 March 2007
poke	However , the other Pokémon are swept by the wind , for Shane knew the wind would blow them away .
starwars	They were compiled by Hendri Underholt , and lost when her position was bombarded by Imperial forces on Durkteel .
poke	Ash , Max and Brock are glad May won , while Drew comments this was just pure luck , coming from May .
starwars	Dono was a human female from Onderon who served the Onderon rebels during the Clone Wars .
starwars	Before joining the Sector Rangers , Nataz was a ranking police officer on his homeworld .
muppet	Hi , I reverted your edit on Christopher Reeve‎ , its known and sourced that he did background pupets on the Muppet Show . However it could be that he should be moved to Puppeteers instead due to only having performed background puppets . Henrik
muppet	Is it really necessary here ? All the songs that have them link to their own article with the same info . - Oscarfan 2247 , March 13 , 2010
muppet	Olivia is known for performing many songs on Sesame Street , as well as in the specials and movies
muppet	In 1978 , CBS Toys acquired Questor , which had been producing Sesame toys under the Child Guidance label . CBS Toys continued the Sesame Street Child Guidance line until its purchase by Hasbro in 1985 . By 1986 , CBS Toys products were being released under Hasbros Playskool label .
muppet	Is `` Thinking of U '' a parody of `` Here , There and Everywhere '' ? ? ? The melody is the same . NRKfan
starwars	By 24,500 BBY , a type of dueling sword and an associated dual-wielding sword-fighting technique was developed in the Atrisian city of Jar'Kai .
poke	Meowth accidentally pulls the levers , destroying the balloon and causing them to fall down onto a tree .
poke	The blizzard has ended , so everyone can go search for Ash ; Snorunt offers them to lead to the cave where Ash is .
starwars	In the aftermath of the Galactic Civil War , Ahsoka Tano carried her white lightsabers still .
muppet	I was watching the `` Sounds That Remind Me of You '' clip today , and I thought the music and melody sounded similar to `` Real Live Girl '' . Anybody else feel we should note that similarity ? -- User Minor muppetz 0011 , April 9 , 2012
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 2220 , May 24 , 2009
starwars	They were stopped by Davik and his associate , the bounty hunter Calo Nord .
muppet	I was wondering the same thing about episode 123 in Vendaface . Does anyone know who performed Zelda Rose in that sketch ? User r kool 1010 1 June 2008
poke	Professor Cozmo admits he is researching asteroids and meteorites , rocks from outer space .
poke	Adam and Evelyn plan to get to that ship and accept the heroes ' help in the search .
starwars	Doctor Phalla was the Patient Facilitator at the Q'Maere Research Facility while it was under the control of Moff Kentor Sarne .
muppet	Puppy-Face Felson first appeared in the first season Dog City Dog City episode `` Episode 108 Adventures in Adventures in Puppysitting . '' He is known as the world greatest criminal child impersonator . He was hired by Bugsy Bugsy to steal Zsa Zsa Gbarks Hope on a Rope Diamond . The plan goes awry when Puppyface is put in Ace Aces care .
poke	Birch suspects the Seedot do not like these trees and moves on to another forest .
muppet	Hey Scott ! Do you have the Muppets Tonight episode handy with Bob Keeshans cameo ? Nate and I are debating whether his appearance qualifies him as a `` fictional celebrity , '' whether it was Captain Kangaroo the character or just Keeshan the man famous for being Captain Kangaroo and trading on his fictional rank to pip George Takei at the post to helm the ship . -- Andrew , Aleal 0008 , 15 April 2006
muppet	We do not encourage edit warring , and if its repeated , it can result in being blocked . The segment descriptions on the Jazz Numbers page are sufficient as they are , so I would recommend focusing on something else . Please reply so we know youve read . Thank you .
muppet	My Sesame Street Neighborhood is a collection of six Sesame Street stories previously issued as separate Little Golden Books . Stories include
poke	May worries it will snow again , though Brock plans they all will go down to the Pokémon Center , then to catch a ship to Sootopolis City .
starwars	Children of the Watch
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0652 , July 30 , 2010
muppet	Loesch went on to become president of FOXs Fox Kids programing block , before leaving in 1998 to become president of The Jim Henson Jim Henson Television . In her time with the company , she helped develop Hensons partnership with The Odyssey Channel , served as an executive producer on such programming as Family Rules and Bear in the Big Blue House , and oversaw operations of the fledgling Jim Henson Home Entertainment division .
muppet	Uploading an audio file for reference . Theres a clear audible difference from the initial lines dubbed by Carmen Osbahr in her first scene , and her other lines later on . Ant https//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Rosita % 27s_Abuela ? diff=prev
muppet	Or , was she just very tall by the time she was 4 , and Ebony goofed about the bit with her brother ?
starwars	Jane Irene Kelly is an editor working for LucasBooks .
muppet	Hey G Great job on the Farley goes to the hat shop transcript ! That intro text is perfect , exactly the kind of thing that I was talking about in the policy . I do have a question about the two takes ; maybe you explained this somewhere else . How do we have two takes for the same sketch ? Were they both used in episodes ? Also , do you have an episode number where this sketch was used ? --
muppet	Hi Nick . We need a source for this page . Scott
starwars	He later worked with Jioie on many other missions , including the establishment of the Rebel cell based on Beltrix III .
starwars	Izri Dazh was a devoutly religious individual , and very slow to accept any notion that contradicted his prior beliefs .
muppet	As I go through em , Ill make a list of the marginal cases below . --
poke	Ash then wanted his Pikachu to go up against A.J .. Pikachu then refuses , causing A.J .
poke	Corphish tries to free Ludicolo and Poncho from the net , but fails and makes a hole in the balloon .
muppet	Is this page needed ? These are identical to the Muppet plush
starwars	Tingo was a male Human private in the Republic Army during the Galactic War .
poke	The first phase is whether the contractual termination was valid , and the second is how much money 4Kids would owe the companies .
starwars	The second is whether to share factory schematics with Shae Vizla before the assault , with the Light Side option leading to Mandalorian victory and the Dark Side option resulting in their defeat , with many warriors including Dalash Ard dying while navigating the maze of factory tunnels , and the remainders being too few to carry a sufficient amount of weapons .
poke	Brawly is quite impressed , while Brock suspects Treecko only won , since Machop was exhausted and now Treecko is exhausted .
muppet	Some entries in fact appeared in the book first , and * then * on the blog .
muppet	Okay , this is very helpful . I agree with lots of things people said , so Ill get those out of the way first I agree , photo puppets arent toys ; they should be in collectibles . I agree that the Muppet dolls page should be split up into beanbags , Dress-Up Dolls , etc . ; its just something we havent done yet . Youre right about lumping in Games -- I withdraw my suggestion of Games .
muppet	Two puppet visually different versions of Leonie existed the first , slim-faced and slim-bodied puppet that appeared on Sesamstrasse , and the slightly , yet noticeably bigger version , used throughout her own show .
muppet	In the future , please do not re-add edits that are rolled back by an administrator . You can check an articles Muppet edit history to see why something you added was changed or reverted . If no reason was given , its better to discuss it with the user rather than adding it back . Thanks .
poke	Kelly claps and has everyone , including the judges , clap as well to improve Grumpig 's performances .
starwars	Hunter was an Imperial Navy Nebulon-B frigate , it was active in the Galactic Civil War about two years before the Battle of Yavin .
poke	The Pokémon is a Beautifly ; Ash comments May just made a new friend , whom May tries to shake off .
muppet	I have a feeling theyll use the parody trailer gag Muppets Most again , so Id like to suggest creating a category for them . Here are some points Id like to say on this before someone else does , so they can say if they agree with them or not
poke	Joy warns such power could hurt Pikachu , who can release a lot of electricity at once .
starwars	A Rebel agent was killed on the planet Tatooine by Imperial stormtroopers .
muppet	Image25 Greastest Hits Commercial - An animated Cookie Monster made a brief appearance in a commercial for Sesame Street 25 Greatest Hits album .
poke	Eliza takes the boys out and show them the garden , where the Oddish are walking to release their scent .
starwars	Seizing her X-wing , she left Tonin and Kolot , an Ewok modified in a similar way as the fictitious Lieutenant Kettch , to take a landing craft with the rest of the nonhumans and flee .
starwars	Before Vidian could relish in his victory over Zaluna and her rebel companions , Captain Sloane received orders from the Emperor to terminate the planned detonation and to arrest Vidian .
poke	Pikachu stops Corphish , warning one may be poisoned if the mushrooms are eaten .
poke	Ash and Pikachu plan to get the final badge from the Gym , as they are both determined that nobody can stop them .
poke	Team Rocket realize that their enemy wants the Poochyena to evolve and make a plan .
muppet	In 1977 , Blues
muppet	In 2015 , Marshfield Wisconsin School Board member Mary Carney attempted to have the book banned from public schools .
poke	The heroes ask him if he saw a Linoone nearby , so the boy starts apologizing , as Tokin , his Linoone , again stole the Poké Balls .
poke	Max , Pikachu and Meowth have arrived to a waterfall , where the fresh air is coming from .
poke	Max explains there have been a number of space shuttle launches , some of which were experimental to search around space for undiscovered Pokémon .
muppet	Hey , Enrique ! Would you have access to any of the Plaza Sesamo VHS or DVDs ? I had some questions about them , and I know that youve been working on the Spanish stuff . Thanks ! --
poke	Both attacks damage one another , so both Slugma and Corphish are defeated , leaving Grovyle and Treecko to battle .
muppet	Its Passover on Sesame Street , and Grover invites a few friends to a Seder at his house . More and more guests show up , and room is made at the table to honor the traditional Passover invitation `` Let all who are hungry come and eat . '' Girls and boys ages 2 to 5 will particularly enjoy the story ’ s focus on the exciting hunt for the Passover afikomen , a piece of matzah that ’ s hidden for the children to find . A brief explanation of the history and customs of Passover is included at the end . Stickers , a poster that shows a splendid Seder plate , and a press-out matching card game add to the holiday fun . The messages of inclusion and friendship make this colorful paperback storybook particularly timely .
poke	Team Rocket is digging the tunnel , even if Meowth complaints he is exhausted and Jessie claims they could 've bought a new machine .
poke	Brock is amazed and tries to get the doctor to massage him , but , once more , gets pulled by Max .
poke	The Pokémon use Water Gun and Bubble Beam , dazzling everyone by the performance , which creates another rainbow .
starwars	Despite earlier ambitions to enter his species ' bureaucracy and serve in government , the surgery removed all desire to help others .
starwars	The Savrips , outmatched in technology , were ultimately forced to flee into the wilderness of their homeworld .
muppet	Ive listened to the clip several times , and carefully too . She has to be performed by Fran Brill . Ive heard her use that voice range and she was the only main female puppeteer on Sesame Street during the 1970s . Im very certain that its her . -- Richard
muppet	WSJ I have to ask . Lady Gaga recently wore a jacket of little green frog heads . Reaction ?
poke	Thatcher claims Ash will always be his master , flattering Ash , who reminds Thatcher to never quit .
starwars	Restoration Zone
muppet	The voices in the game were performed by the Muppet performers Frank Oz , Steve Whitmire , Dave Goelz , Jerry Nelson , Kevin Clash , Bill Barretta , Bruce Lanoil , John Kennedy , Louise Gold and Mark Mansfield .
starwars	Sloane was left as the highest ranking officer in the fleet , and had Habbel prepare the fleet to flee to the Annaj system using a scenario originally prepared by the lieutenant in order to pursue fleeing Rebels .
starwars	Back at the `` StarScavenger '' , Roger helps Zander to fit a fallen panel back on the ship .
starwars	He journeyed to Carida to meet her , and found that Daala was sure she had been shunted aside because of her sex .
poke	She glad Togepi `` has finally arrived to her '' and turns to her servant , Miranda , as they need to heal her .
muppet	If anyone has the The Best of the Jimmy Dean Show DVD in hand and could add a description and possibily an image to the sketch listing for each of the sketches that would be swell . --
starwars	During filming of , the site was visited by the crew and the skeleton was still found there .
starwars	At the Battle of Hoth , the Empire 's Blizzard Force utilized AT-ATs to assault the Rebel 's Echo Base , as it was protected from above by an energy shield .
muppet	`` Wonderful Sounds '' is a song from the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 125 Listen Listen Up ! '' . Bear sings his love of the world of sounds and encourages the viewer to `` listen up '' with him .
starwars	RGB photoreceptor lens were used by Industrial Automaton to develop R2-series astromech droids .
muppet	My own feeling would be to handle it the way we have the puppet versions of the older Muppet Babies a separate page for these Muppet versions .
poke	Max explains that Shroomish came into the mansion , but the man denies the fact , for the Shroomish have vanished years ago .
starwars	Han Solo enjoyed the drink , but could not often find a cantina that served a satisfactory one .
starwars	Thage Howless
starwars	Thrawn creates a radiation leak aboard the `` Slipknot '' which allows Eli to escape Nightswan .
muppet	Henri Poupon appeared in the Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 313 Getting to Know Getting to Know You . '' Henri is the father of Francois Poupon and husband of Simone Poupon . The Poupons are a family of birds who come from an unnamed country , clearly based on France . Henri is irritated by exchange student Charlene Sinclair . He is disappointed by the consumption of his own son , but feels that a big screen TV would help the healing process .
starwars	DV-9
starwars	Once aboard the `` Ghost '' , Cham reunited with his daughter and related the recent events on Ryloth .
muppet	Natalie Dormer is a British actress known for playing Margaery Tyrell on Game of Thrones . Dormer voiced Onica on The Dark Crystal Age of Resistance and was interviewed in the tie-in documentary The Crystal Calls Making the Dark Crystal Age of Resistance .
muppet	You should also log in and create a user name . That helps you keep track of your contributions , and it also makes people more likely to trust your additions . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1623 , 11 Jan 2006
muppet	Hi , Scott ! Im fixing Muppets from Space stuff , but I noticed the category still has the capital F. How do you move a category page ? --
starwars	A clone of bounty hunter Jango Fett , the clone trooper nicknamed `` Boil '' was born on the planet Kamino and bred to fight in the Grand Army of the Republic .
starwars	Vader replied that he did not , as the Temple 's information on the subject had been `` incomplete . ''
starwars	Graymane
poke	Max is happy and proposes to May she should study for the Gym Battle , although she wants to avoid the fight .
poke	Ash challenges Poncho , but he 'll use Torkoal instead , which Poncho agrees upon .
muppet	Would it be possible for this to be corrected ? Perhaps with a different picture ? Emma 0951 , 20 September 2006
muppet	Hi ! Where did this come from ?
starwars	Tavri was with Bola on Tatooine when the detective was stalked by a pair of bounty hunters .
poke	After being beaten by Brawly , Ash decides to do some serious training of one thing he lacks : patience .
poke	A Breloom goes to use Mach Punch , but is canceled by Mudkip 's Water Gun , as Mudkip and May have arrived .
poke	Brock sends his Forretress , but Jessie sends her Seviper , who uses Poison Tail .
starwars	The appearance of Bevel Lemelisk is different in this comic than in any other source where he is portrayed .
poke	Swellow uses Aerial Ace , so Grovyle jumps and uses Leaf Blade , but Swellow dodges and pushes Grovyle using its beak , then sends it down to the ground , which immediately defeats Grovyle .
muppet	I kept seeing it differently on different sites . Let me know if thats not it ! --
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0436 , December 20 , 2009
starwars	In 3643 BBY the Twin Suns pirates raided several moisture farms near Anchorhead and took females as prisoners , to be shipped as slaves off-world .
starwars	The `` Empire Forever '' was a CR90 corvette produced by the Corellian Engineering Corporation , and it measured 150 meters in length .
starwars	Lucien Draay used one to transport the First WatchCircle around the city-planet .
muppet	This set is a follow-up to Old School Volume the first installment , which was released in October 2006 . The Old School sets are marketed as a nostalgia set , aimed at teenagers and adults who remember the series from their childhood . This set contains a 12-page booklet with behind-the-scenes information and photos , and a special collectible animation cel from `` Pinball Number Count . ''
poke	Despite Ash 's wanting to go to the island , May and Brock decide it would be better to stay for a while in Rustboro City , since it takes two hours for the ship to sail off .
starwars	Maul had encountered the two Jedi previously .
poke	Jessie promises to enter the Contest with James ' Chimecho , since she needs a new one to win with .
muppet	For those who dont know what a bidet is , its a `` low-mounted plumbing fixture or type of sink intended for washing the external genitalia and the anus . '' Is humour just that bold in Italy , or is this spam ? -- Zanimum 1356 , 12 May 2006
muppet	Butch is a Bengal tiger who made various appearances on Sesame Street . He was the first Muppet designed and built by Ed Christie , and originally appeared as a saber-toothed tiger in the `` Toothbrush '' sketch of the Caveman Days series . The puppet was also used on The Muppet Show , starting in Episode 404 Dyan season 4 .
poke	The larger Mudkip gets the smaller one , but the stream is strong , making it go to the waterfall .
starwars	Tsaa Qalu
starwars	Due to their role as the species natural hunters the Tumnor featured prominently in Ixll legend and always took on an evil and merciless role .
muppet	I rented The Adventures of Pinocchio to do some Wiki-mining . Checking the credits , and comparing with the archived http//web.archive.org/web/20050507101313/http//www.creatureshop.com/ Creature Shop site and No Strings Attached , it seems that the cricket * model * was designed by the Creature Shop , and scanned , and that was it . In the end , A French CG company , MediaLab , receives credit for the character , with its own list of sculptors , modelers , animators , and for some scenes , even French digital puppeteers
starwars	Imperial House
poke	After showing up in Pacifidlog Town , May prepares for the upcoming Contest , the one that she 's determine to get her final Ribbon to qualify into the Grand Festival .
muppet	Polly and Clueless Morgan were also featured in several UK Spots ( Muppets UK Spots on Muppets Tonight , interacting with Mr. Callahan . They also appeared alongside Mad Monty in the Muppet Sing-Alongs Muppet Treasure Island video .
starwars	R-Duba gunships were medium sized saucer-shaped gunships .
starwars	Graddus Rex was a site in the Inner Rim region of the galaxy .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 0920 , 4 April 2011
starwars	The following day , Ezra along with Zeb and Jai Kell set out to find the TIE Defender 's hyperdrive while the other rebels waited at the Lothal resistance camp .
muppet	Today I saw a copy of Sesame Street A Celebration - 40 Years of Life on the Street , nd glanced through it a bit , and found that on the Frank Oz page , Lefty was referred to as `` Lefty the Salesman '' . So we finally have something from Sesame Workshop that refers to him by that name
muppet	Mr. T.V . Sett is a television who appeared in Muppet Magazine Muppet Magazine issue issue 18 . He has a similar appearance to the Inanimate monster TV set that attacks a viewer in the `` Muppet News Flash '' segment of The Muppet Show episode 119 Vincent episode 119 .
starwars	The plot failed and Coleet , along with every Rebel spy on Coruscant except for Ray , was killed when the Empire destroyed Arrth-Eno to kill the spies , kill a group of senators who were being held prisoner , and score a propaganda victory against the Rebellion .
starwars	Sure enough , the Omega Frost tests drew the attention of Skywalker , who had returned home in order to find pilots skilled enough to run the Yavin blockade .
starwars	The arrival of Kazuda Xiono to the `` Colossus '' changed things at the team .
starwars	Lah dismissed the master shaper with assurances that he would do so , before brooding on the matter .
poke	Nevertheless , they hope that it is never to be set loose again , and that they will be able to live with it in peace .
poke	Ash feels very bad and complains that the room wo n't stop spinning , but from his prone position on the floor sees some lights from some low windows in a nearby room .
muppet	Thats what we tell people who ask `` But why isnt so and so in the box '' after a single appearance . Its a longstanding policy , and even with announcements , it sets a bad precedent to undo it in one case . This isnt just about Herry , its something thats happened often . Putting a performer in casting history rather than main box is not a personal slight .
starwars	Delorf
muppet	The first two releases were announced as convention exclusives . The first , consisting of Jen and a Landstrider , was exclusive to San Diego Comic-Con .
starwars	All members of the council were killed .
muppet	Or perhaps we just rename the category `` Sam and Friends Songs
starwars	The Scohar Xenohealth Institute was a contagious-diseases research center located in Storinal 's capital city , Scohar .
poke	Juan claims the match will be over soon , but Pikachu frees himself with Thunder and charges towards Milotic with Quick Attack .
muppet	The Muppet Home Video version released in 1983 contains the variations
poke	Mary comes to Brock , wondering did he say anything , but Brock lowers his head in frustration .
poke	Jimmy announces that Corphish is unable to battle , but Ash objects , as Corphish stands up .
poke	Ash goes inside , but Misty reminds him she was invited , but will take them all as guests .
starwars	Dlarit attempted to convince Isard to let her participate in the mission , but Isard refused .
starwars	Most Roonans were considered highly particular , and saw the slightest mistake as a deep insult .
starwars	The comic 's editor , Randy Stradley , originally called the issue `` Brothers in Arms '' , before discovering that title had already been used in `` '' .
muppet	But I was wondering , would it be possible to have a way of getting from this article over to Sesame Street catagories easily ? I only did it because if you just type Sesame Street into the search one tends to be taken to this article - which is fair enough . But the Sesame Street catagory is such a useful place to go to get to anywhere else on the wiki dealing with Sesame Street . I understand if youd rather not mix it up with this article , I was only trying to make it more useful . Sorry Emma 2221 , 23 March 2007
starwars	However , while the `` FarStar '' was at the station , Sarne sent one of his `` Carrack '' -class light cruisers to engage it in a hit and fade assault .
muppet	In their skits , these creatures , with squid-like tentacles , large eyes , and antennae , materialize into a room and converse with each other in their native tongue `` Yip-yip-yip-yip ... Uh-huh . Uh-huh , '' done in monotone voices . They often come across common objects and , curious as to their names and functions , the Martians will consult a book presumably containing information about things on Earth , although they sometimes make several incorrect guesses based on their book . In one skit , for example , the Martians call a computer a television and a typewriter before deciding what it actually is .
starwars	Over time , Jenet fecundity and lack of predators caused the species to overpopulate Garban .
starwars	With the downfall of the One Sith on Coruscant , the Empire and its allies formed the Galactic Federation Triumvirate .
muppet	Victor Yerrid commented on his and Drew Masseys role in the series in a 2007 interview We did about ninety-five percent of the puppeteering so we worked on just about every scene together . We were also involved in the creative meetings and got to pitch characters and segment ideas .
starwars	Kanan and the others then watched as Sabine fought Saxon in a single duel .
muppet	Bif is an Anything Anything Muppet construction worker who appeared at a 2010 press event promoting Sesame Street Safari of Fun , a theme park attraction at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay .
muppet	See the User/Current Events 16 ( Jan Current events discussion from January 2007 , and the Category talk Crew discussion that followed . Also see Category talk Workshop Staff for a similar discussion in January 2009 .
muppet	His only performer credits with Henson are Puppet Up ! and Late Night Buffet - both of which weve said are not Muppets ... therefore is he not a Muppet Performer ? Should that category tag be removed ? Should we create a category to list the puppeteers on Henson projects that wouldnt count as a Shop Creature Shop Puppeteer and arent a Muppet Performer ? --
muppet	The song is repeated in Episode 121 Walrus
poke	Joy notices all three starter Pokémon and praises them all for raising them properly .
poke	Liza offers them a tour of the Mossdeep Research Center , but Ash wants to find the Gym Leader first .
poke	James is doubtful , but Jessie and Meowth convince him they could give a part of the gold for the boss to give them some promotions .
muppet	Maděrič has acted in Czech film and television since the 1970s . He appeared in several 1980s TV fairy tale movies .
starwars	They enlisted the aid of Tyro Caladian , a senatorial aide , who in turn had to get a waiver from the Senate Security Committee to meet with the Overseer of Prison Worlds .
starwars	Kaz is amazed to know that General Leia Organa is here .
muppet	Heres the trade ad , sans watermarks , as it appeared in Billboard the week of February 19 , 1994 , but not confirmed and plans could have easily changed .
poke	Meowth thinks the boss would fire them if Lombre is given away , while James thinks they simply must not give it away .
poke	Just as they decide to do something bigger and better , Jessie 's Wobbuffet comes out of its Poké Ball , which crashes the telephone booth .
muppet	No its definetly Frank because it sounds like Scooby Doos Fred Jones voice
starwars	She then knocked the Givin unconscious by kicking him in the jaw .
poke	The sandwich that rolls down the hill into Ivysaur 's mouth in the flashback was an onigiri in the original .
poke	Pikachu and Ash climb to the top of the boat , but Crawdaunt uses Water Pulse , nearly hitting the ship .
starwars	The hull-cracker was an experimental weapon developed by Czerka Corporation on Corellia .
starwars	Due to its large membership , Ni'Shaw-Dak Ministry became a prominent force in V'shar politics .
starwars	During the pirates ' subsequent attack , which coincided with a `` triple dark '' storm , Yeager took shelter with Ryvora , Vozo , and Bucket in one of the platform 's designated safe areas .
poke	Max points his father is a great trainer , but Ash replies so is he and shakes hands with Norman .
poke	They have been known to have won the Contests together , and trained together since they were children .
poke	James reminds them their submarine sank , but Jessie and Meowth yell out the exercise is over .
starwars	Darien lava-skimmer
poke	He splits the apple in half , giving the larger piece to Pikachu and stating things are better when they are being shared with others .
muppet	Big Bird , Elmo , and Grover appeared July 2-4 , 2004 for an Independence Day fireworks show .
starwars	Lumiya : Dark Star of the Empire
starwars	Cipher later broke the brainwashing with aid from Watcher X .
starwars	Additionally , while Starkiller brings down an Imperial Star Destroyer in all versions , only the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game make the sequence playable - all other versions have Starkiller destroying the vessel in a cutscene .
poke	Archie does not recall a thing , but Shelly promises everything is back in order .
poke	The heroes are astounded by Salamence , seeing it has a lot of power , while Ash notes this is the power of the Elite Four .
poke	Torchic taunts Corphish and goes away , surprising Ash and Max how powerful Torchic is .
poke	Meditite uses Focus Punch , but Pikachu waits and uses Quick Attack , but Meditite evades using Detect .
poke	Solrock and Lunatone use Psychic , exploding the robot and blasting Team Rocket off .
muppet	P.S . I see that its mentioned on his page , but I think it deserves a little more detail than that . --
muppet	Hi Enrique , a quick question Do you think you can play those episodes with Bip Bippadotta and Harvey Kneeslapper to see who performed them ? I havent recorded the episodes yet cause Ive been busy lately , and I dont think I will probably get a chance till next summer . This is mostly to update their pages . Thanks ! Wattamack4 0314 , January 29 , 2010 Alex
muppet	This is a replacement page for Bunraku and Black Theater . The information from both is here , and the page could be expanded to include other interesting techniques the Muppets have utilized over the years . Marionettes I think should remain seperate , seeing as how there have been characters within Muppet productions that are marionettes . Im putting in the sandbox for now until the Bunraku and Black Theater pages could be removed , and so we could perhaps come up with a better title . What does anyone else think ? Justin 2114 , 2 May 2008
poke	Steelix digs , so Ash remembers that Flannery 's Torkoal used Overheat , so orders Torkoal the attack .
starwars	Nalvas plotted to distract Alec while Nalvas himself recovered the stolen documents .
poke	Ash and Pikachu are up next , but are told the dust is fake , making Pikachu embarrassed .
starwars	Dooku assured Republic senators Lott Dod , Gume Saam , and Nix Card that they would ensure that the banks would be deregulated and they would receive their profits .
starwars	This included the grotto on Neimoidia where in 33 BBY Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray first introduced his advisors , legal counsel Rune Haako and Deputy Viceroy Hath Monchar to the Sith Lord Darth Sidious .
poke	Pikachu tries to attack him with Thunderbolt , but Quagsire comes , negating the attack .
muppet	Stewart has appeared on Sesame Street and performed a spoof of Hamlets Soliloquy '' , titled `` B or not a B . '' 3508 } } . Stewart referred to the sketch as one of `` the two most distinguished bits of work that Ive done in the US '' , and singing `` The Alphabet Song '' in a celebrity montage .
muppet	Clark Gesner was a songwriter and playwright best known for writing the book , music , and lyrics of the musical Youre a Good Man Charlie Brown . Gesner was involved in early development of Sesame Street , even writing the prospectus for Sesame the Childrens Television Workshop in 1968 .
starwars	Such philosophies were embraced and taught at Sith academies , where students were encouraged to challenge one another and fight for prestige that would be recognized by the headmaster of the academy .
poke	Later , Tommy explains when Mrs. Grimm was Timmy 's age , she loved Pokémon too .
muppet	The facebook apps url is http//www.facebook.com/apps/application.php ? id=2487941090 . You probably have to be a member to view .
starwars	Upon returning to the lift , the party is forced to kill the Wookiee in charge of the basket , Gorwooken , who has discovered their betrayal of Chuundar and attacks them .
starwars	Diplomatically , the Zygerrians were highly corporate-minded who sought to maintain their Slave Empire at the expense of other civilizations , holding countless slaves across many worlds across the galaxy .
poke	Swampy heard Professor Birch actually catches these Pokémon and raises them himself .
muppet	Hi there -- On Episode 704 Gonzees Playhouse Channel‎ , you added the line `` Song-Some funny song that baby Fozzie sings . ''
muppet	ASTRO G.N.E.W.T.S . was a proposed concept for a 30-minute television special that could air as the second-half of an episode of The Jim Henson Hour . The special would have blended puppets with animation , computer graphics , and video effects .
poke	The shiny Swellow makes another attack , but Swellow dodges and uses Quick Attack , but shiny Swellow uses Aerial Ace , evading the attack and damaging Ash 's Swellow .
poke	Since they wo n't give up , Team Rocket gets the air out of their lungs , so much that their rings fall off .
starwars	The name originated in the `` Star Wars '' Legends continuity , where it was first used in the 2000 reference book `` '' , written by Kristin Lund .
poke	Its Pokédex tagline is also glitched , consisting of similarly-random bytes that wrap to the next line ( again different from MISSINGNO. , whose tagline is simply `` ? ? ? `` ) .
poke	Team Rocket tries to steal Pikachu , but when Jessie 's Wobbuffet comes out of its Poké Ball , a part of a rock splits from the canyon they were standing on and they fall down , blasting them off at a distance .
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail , while Cacnea attacks with Pin Missile , to thwart off the Shroomish .
muppet	This page was re-created today by user . Ive left a message on his talk page asking for a source . Scott
muppet	The first dub aired on ZDF on December 6 , 1984 , featuring the original voices from Die Muppet Show . The special was billed by an off-screen announcer as `` to celebrate ZDFs new broadcast center . '' ZDF was the Muppets home network throughout the 1970s and 1980s , and minor references are made throughout the special , though never again by name .
muppet	Ryan Reynolds .
starwars	However , before the ship departed on its mission , the technician was confronted by his fellow warrior , Koblus Sornell , who demanded that he vacant his station .
poke	Regardless , the girl sails away on her Huntail , while the heroes spot more boys and girls bashing , for they all want to come first on the A Island .
poke	The asteroids that go towards the planet burn out and become smaller , turning into meteorites .
poke	Norman steps in to say that losing is just as important as winning when one can learn much from losing .
poke	Contest explains that she surprised everyone with that kind of a move , and such imaginative combo moves is what makes such Coordinators great .
starwars	If Bastila Shan is present , she will supersede either with her own comment : `` It sounds to me like the woman was defending herself . ''
starwars	One , however , had survived : Darth Bane .
starwars	Chandrila Star Line , also known as Chandrila Star Lines , was a company that operated luxury cruises in the edges of the galaxy .
muppet	Zsa Zsa Gbark is an International Movie Star who made an Appearance in the Dog City Dog City Episode Episode 108 Adventures in Adventures in Puppysitting . Puppy-Face Felson distracted her so he can steal the Hope on a Rope Diamond . She is a Parody of actor Zsa Zsa Gabor .
starwars	Apex Overlook
muppet	The special won six awards from the 2016 Kidscreen Awards , including `` Best One-Off , Special or TV Movie , '' `` Best Writing '' and `` Best Directing . ''
poke	Even though 4Kids TV was discontinued as it was online only , this programming block continued to use the CW4Kids name , to reflect to the network it airs on .
muppet	Ray is the the sun on Bear in the Big Blue House . He debuted in the second season episode `` Episode 218 All Weather All Weather Bear . ''
starwars	Hakma Kinto 's bounty was worth 3,000 credits alive and 1,500 credits dead .
muppet	In film , Polito was a regular member of the Coen Brothers repertory company , appearing in Millers Crossing , and The Man Who Wasnt There . Other film credits include The Rocketeer , The Honeymooners , and Jay The Adventures of Rocky
starwars	Following FN-2187 's desertion , Nines confronted his former comrade at the Battle of Takodana where they fought each other in single combat .
starwars	She had an athletic body of such proportions that many Human males could not keep their eyes off her .
starwars	Seig Darklighter
poke	May thinks of training there , while Ash reminds her she will also have time to go to the Grand Festival .
poke	May wonders why Treecko , though Brock suspects Ash wants Treecko to battle to observe how Grovyle uses its own Bullet Seed .
poke	However , he must get there before it is too late , and has to deal with Team Rocket again and also Kirlia and Gardevoir .
poke	May asks if Corphish was being with Poncho , but is told Corphish wanted a rematch instead .
starwars	Rey is rescued by the intervention of Chewbacca , whom Plutt aggravates by poking at his wounded shoulder .
starwars	He wrote `` The Farlander Papers '' and `` The Stele Chronicles '' which were included with , and told the backstory to , `` '' and `` '' respectively .
starwars	A fusion drill was a mining and cutting tool .
muppet	Part 4 When Ernie returns , Bert has finished his ice cream and feels very sorry . But Ernie doesnt mind the ice cream truck passed by the bus stop , so he bought a new cone for Online Web Video Player } }
muppet	Most of the compilation videos from Playhouse Playhouse Video ended with the fifth season closing theme music playing over the credits . However , on `` Gonzo Presents Muppet Weird Stuff '' , the final bars of the first seasons closing theme is used instead . The fifth seasons closing music was also used for a Nickelodeon Muppet Show promo .
starwars	These two rules of Krayt 's Order were designed to prevent the infighting of past Sith Orders while still retaining the ability to field large numbers of Sith , the lack of which had been a notable shortcoming of Bane 's Order .
starwars	Nav Computer Route Astrogation Bypass
poke	May admits she sensed it , while Brock reminds them it is due to the bond with the Pokémon Trainers can sense such stuff .
starwars	Robert Watts ( born May 23 , 1938 ) was a production manager on , an associate producer on , and a co-producer on .
starwars	Due to her cooperation , General Shale had been given a comfortable prison cell .
muppet	Hi , and welcome to the Muppet Wiki ! Were glad to see you jumping in and adding to pages . My names , one of the regulars around here . If you need general Wiki information , editing tips , or answers to frequently asked questions , check out the
poke	Rocky points out Ash has to sync with his Pokémon and has Walrein use Ice Ball .
muppet	What is the stuff in this article about the video being taped in 1990 ? Who is Chris Barry ? I find it doubtful that this was done concurrently with The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson . The `` Jim Hill Media '' link doesnt link to anything . Can anybody shed light on this ? --
poke	Ash is still training his Snorunt , telling the latter and Pikachu to finish so they can see May performing .
poke	Meowth is astounded to hear Pikachu gave him the only apple he saw , so Meowth begins to cry .
muppet	What do people think of images on disambiguation pages ? Im for them if the image is represntational of all the articles the page is linking to , like Cheesecake . But on a page that links to completely different and unrelated items , I think placing the image of one of them is misrepresentational to the point of a disambig page . You browse your way there and its distracting and misleading . Also , disambigs dont really need pictures as their purpose is not to look pretty , but to disambiguate . My impulse has been to remove them when I see them , but I thought it more fair to bring it up here first . --
muppet	In 1985 , American Greetings acquired rival Drawing Board , which had produced a line of Sesame Street party in the late 70s and early 80s , including some under the brand name DesignWare .
starwars	It crossed the Pharine River and connected the Drifters ' district to the rest of the city .
muppet	The only difference between the season 1 and 2 closings is that the shot of Floyd Pepper was replaced with a new shot of Floyd . Whereas in the first closing he wasnt wearing his hat , in this shot he wears his hat and blinks his eyes . In Episode 201 Don episode 201 , a different shot of the same scene is shown during the beginning of the closing , as opposed to Animals shot . On episodes Episode 205 Judy 205 , Episode 217 Julie 217 , and Episode 222 Teresa 222 , the camera stays on the curtain call longer than usual before cutting back to the closing sequence . Starting this season , the final orchestra shots during the original broadcasts would no longer superimpose the ATV logo . Instead with a new ITC logo with `` An ATV Company '' beside it is shown during Zoots shot .
poke	Beautifly uses Gust , knocking it onto Team Rocket , while Pikachu uses Thunderbolt to blast them off .
poke	Pikachu and Electrike destroy the cage , setting everyone free , since Meowth points out the cage was not protected against those attacks .
starwars	The model was not named in the film itself but was identified in `` '' , a reference book written by Pablo Hidalgo and released in conjunction with the film .
starwars	Ashley Albert voiced the character in the of `` Nightlily '' .
poke	appeared in the opening scene of season , but he did not appear in any of the episodes .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 2158 , August 14 , 2010
poke	While traveling on the road , May remarks how Ash shook hands with the challenger .
starwars	Star Wars : Ewoks is a Legends animated television series that follows the adventures of the Ewoks of Bright Tree Village prior to the Battle of Endor .
muppet	Changing his name to Meehl , to reflect the pronunciation , the puppeteer began churning out scripts for Eureekas Castle , PBS series Eyewitness , The Magic School Bus , Between the Lions , Cyberchase , and Codename Kids Next Door . He did return to the Muppets sporadically in the 1990s , notably as a regular on Dog City Dog City and a couple of episodes of Sesame Street during Season 25 Season 25 . He also wrote a Sesame English episode , `` A Zoo for Jenny . ''
starwars	Aware there were too many divviks to fight single-handedly , Mundi attempted to move quickly through them and fought his way through the ship .
muppet	`` Whats Mine is Yours '' is a song about sharing which appeared in the Episode 310 Whats Mine Is episode by the same name and was also used in the live show Bear in the Big Blue House Live Surprise Party .
poke	Taillow chases Pelipper in air and attacks with Peck , though Pelipper uses Flamethrower .
muppet	Episodes with Brian Muehl as Elmo are nothing but
muppet	Please make sure youve taken some time to look over our FAQ and Guidelines at Special .
muppet	Sidebottom appeared in the Fraggle Rock episodes `` Episode 206 Boobers Boobers Dream , '' `` Episode 223 Boobers Quiet Boobers Quiet Day '' and `` Episode 403 Sidebottom Sidebottom Blues . ''
starwars	Songbuk
muppet	Additionally the DVD release offers the following bonus content
poke	Erica remembers that from last week Joshua decided to practice on his own than together , which shocked Erica .
muppet	Just a note for the record
starwars	Lab 352 , which had been experimenting on Colicoids in hopes of turning them into bioweapons , was quickly overrun by the creatures when Imperial saboteurs released them from the facility , leading the area to become known as `` Bugtown . ''
poke	Ash notices this looks like a different Pokémon Center and is told it is a `` Gulpin Defense Center '' .
starwars	The two joined forces , as Leonis also harbored anti-Imperial sentiments , and resolved to steal the decoder together .
starwars	During the Galactic Civil War , Fronk came to suspect that Tehlan Aleece , the niece of the Imperial Moff Venram Krax , was secretly an agent of the Rebel Alliance , and after he was assigned to escort Aleece to a party on the planet Corellia , he revealed to her his suspicions .
poke	Brock realizes Pikachu hit his head and has an amnesia problem , though Team Rocket dismisses that , claiming the twerps can be tricky sometimes .
starwars	Aggressive Assault
poke	James quietly yells out to Jessie and Meowth , since he does not care much about them .
poke	Vicky is sorry she pushed Vito to become a Pokémon Champion , wanting only the best for him .
starwars	Due to Kerra 's actions , she informed her liege that war production had suffered across the realm .
muppet	Hi ! Since you collect a lot of bilingual stuff , maybe you can help me . Do we have anything on here about that song with the apple , pear , banana and pineapple who sing about their names in English and Spanish ? All the YouTube sites call it `` Two Names Are Better Than One '' , but that title doesnt come up on here , or ASCAP or BMI . I wanted to create a page for it , but I cant even verify what the name of the song is ! Have you ever heard it called anything else ? Thanks ! --
poke	May remembers that Dr. Abby won the Grand Festival and May shows Abby being featured in a magazine , where she was portrayed as a Top Coordinator , who rose against all odds .
poke	One of them asks for an autograph , so Drew replies he `` does not do autographs '' , amazing the fans .
starwars	Their nostril slits protected them against sand .
starwars	Tim Garret is credited for electronic prepress work on `` '' , the strategy guide for the 1998 Nintendo 64 video game .
muppet	This was the last installment in the series , released two years after the release of Volumes The Very Best of the Muppet Show Volume 1 and The Very Best of the Muppet Show Volume 2 .
starwars	Klikklak
poke	Jessie and James decide that Arbok and Weezing should lead the Ekans and Koffing out .
poke	However , they do notice Corphish seemed distracted and did not battle as it usually did .
poke	Brock advises Ash that he should use a Flying-type Pokémon , since Brawly uses a Makuhita .
poke	Torchic and Corphish start attacking each other , with Torchic attacking with Ember and Corphish with Bubble Beam .
poke	Brock explains to Ash Nurse Joy was brought to the tree to take care of a Nuzleaf , who got ill. Nurse Joy points out she will need medicine from the Pokémon Center to cure Nuzleaf .
muppet	Hi , Jon ! I wanted to let you know I think youre a really valuable member of Muppet Wiki . Im always happy to see that youre on top of cleaning up edits and helping out new users by opening up communication on talk pages . Ive talked with some of the other admins , and we think youd be a great admin as well . It will give you access to tools that will help you continue to do what youve already been doing , and grant you some more responsibility on the wiki . Wed love to have you on the team , so what do you say ? Scott contact )
muppet	I want to know . So if you know if Elmos World Transportation was in the original broadcast of Episode 3817 , please let me know ASAP .
starwars	She and her fellow cultists regarded the egg as their charge , their purpose , and their salvation .
starwars	Felucian snails were gastropods with a hard shell on their back .
poke	It shares a Pokédex number ( 000 ) and moveset ( Sky Attack/Water Gun/Water Gun ) with MISSINGNO. , but not a height or weight ; 'M 's height and weight are instead 23 feet and 880.6 pounds , respectively .
poke	In a restaurant , the president praises the heroes , but Ash thinks Max deserves more credit .
starwars	Ipellrilla system
starwars	The male Trandoshan Pekt was born on the species ' homeworld , Trandosha .
poke	In the end , after exchanging blows , both Pokémon fall down as their battle ends in a draw .
starwars	With Yago dead and the bridge pacified , Dallin was able to quickly reassert his authority over the Home Defense Fleet .
muppet	Hi , Ken -- A new user posted this image on Category talk Movie Merchandise . Its something you asked for , so I didnt want you to miss it ! --
muppet	Favorite Muppet A character from `` Sesame Street '' would make me feel very welcome in their location , and then theres Kermit and Fozzie . And Fraggles . Always Fraggles .
poke	A strange noise is coming from the mansion - hordes of Shroomish come , trampling onto Team Rocket .
starwars	Gerdy and the Major have no choice but to surrender .
starwars	The Jedi Padawan managed to successfully evade the mites , carrying the Duchess to safety , but Kryze was ultimately left with a scar after Kenobi accidentally fell and dropped her on the ground during the altercation .
poke	He and a few of his friends formed a club and read a book by Gavin , Mr. Moore 's friend .
poke	However , the heroes meet Grace , a Coordinator , who gives May advice on the performances .
poke	Brock , May and Max come to Ash , who apologizes to them for the words he said earlier .
starwars	He and several other high-ranking summit attendees met to discuss the attack and begin investigating .
muppet	Hey , I can add better pictures shortly . I found this page so that I could send a link to a friend . Then I noticed the discrepencies . I took the pictures using my Camera Phone to back up my edit . I will upload better pictures taken on a nicer Digital Camera shortly . Thanks for the shout ! GeekBrat 2340 , 1 June 2009
muppet	Whitman didnt just publish Sesame Street puzzles ( Western the puzzles , they also had a line of `` Whitman Tell-a-Tale Books '' , like The Invention of Paper . Theres more Whitman products on the wiki Sesame Street Dominoes , The Grover Sticker Book and the Sesame Street Magic Slates .
muppet	Its great that we know some of the edited segments for this show , but how do we know their locations in the episode ? If we actually dont , we probably need to use a mini-table like in Episode 0536 . Hilleyb 0220 , 11 December 2007
starwars	The order was developed as a test for the later Order 66 for the clone troopers to use against the Jedi .
muppet	Hi Brett , thanks for the iPhone link . I dont really know anything about that . Your best bet would be to post on the w Wikia Central Mailing List . Someone there will know what to do with it . Scott
starwars	Okum played the card but it malfunctioned and showed a value of +333 instead of +3 which caused her to bust and flee the premises .
muppet	Fraggles are commonly seen swimming . Instances include the opening , where Gobo Gobo and Wembley Wembly fall in , `` Episode 118 The The Minstrels '' where Red dives into the pond at the beginning , and `` Episode 505 The River of The River of Life '' where several Fraggles swim in the pond .
starwars	Thrawn has been the subject of several figurines .
poke	At the end of the carnival , they see Winona and the Flying Pokémon fly amidst the fireworks .
muppet	Hey , dude Are you running another bot right now as Scarecroe , or are you doing that stuff by hand ? --
muppet	And neat page ! I never knew her name , but Im sure Ive seen her in stuff like M * A * S * H. I wonder if she knew Thelma Ritter . And Im shocked to see that Studio One did Mary Poppins 15 years before Disney ! I wonder what P. L. Travers thought of it , or if Walt saw it .
starwars	Soon after the Emperor 's return , Nist , along with his fellow darksider Tedryn-Sha and the Imperial engineer Umak Leth , accompanied Palpatine aboard a shuttle on an inspection tour of the newest Imperial superweapon , the Galaxy Gun , which was nearing completing in orbit of Byss .
muppet	There are four parts to the magazine Match-up Wall Poster , Parents Guide , Cut Out Shapes , Childrens Magazine . Parents Guide is a pull-out .
starwars	Establishing a training academy on Yavin 4 , Skywalker 's fledgling Order would eventually grow to be a thriving organization .
muppet	His puppet was previously used for Dermot in `` Episode 103 Flea Flea Power . ''
muppet	Thank you and Happy Friday !
starwars	It was also capable of being loaded into hyperspace pods for transportation .
starwars	As Phoenix Leader , Hera 's responsibilities and standing in the rebellion increased .
starwars	Hadrassian also gave instructions for Casterfo 's `` staffer '' Greer to stay behind in order to maintain the confidentiality of her transactions .
muppet	Ill try that next time with taking pictures . Thanks again . --
starwars	Ninth Sister and Sixth Brother used the Force to push the clones out of the way so they could pursue Barr .
poke	However , after the Grunt places the card into the slot , there is still no access , as Millie gave a fake card .
starwars	The Way of the Dark , or simply the Dark , was a view of the Force taken up by Cronal and those that taught him .
muppet	On November 9 , 2009 , in honor of the 40th Anniversary , the city of New York named the corner of 64th and Broadway , 123 Sesame Street .
poke	As Max , Ash and Brock are having breakfast , May practices with her Beautifly .
starwars	When he woke up Lando was ordering the people to evacuate from Cloud City .
poke	Jessie thinks it is a terrible idea , but James thinks they might be out of shape , being blasted off all the time .
poke	This makes May nearly cry , as she wonders what she 'll do if she does not return her Wurmple back .
starwars	The Unknown Alien Encounters Orders were a set of standing orders within the Republic Navy dating from its so-called glory days which dictated responses upon encountering possible sentient life .
poke	Jessie demands to know where the treasure is , but the woman refuses to say anything .
poke	May points out the berries belong to Torchic , but Drew promises to return them after a battle .
starwars	Wren and Orrelios , meanwhile , prepare a new escape path for the rebels .
starwars	As Luke oversees getting the prisoners aboard the assault ship docked at the base ,
poke	Ash is psyched , while his friends support him , knowing this will be a great battle .
poke	When Max states that Torkoal ca n't swim , Ash goes in to save him and when Torkoal is on the ship , Ash points out Torkoal could 've drowned .
starwars	And so Sulloran 's first lesson in obedience began .
starwars	In the early stages of his offworld career , Brandl received various plaudits from both directors and other performers , who were astonished by the amount of gravitas and verisimilitude that the young man could infuse each performance with .
muppet	I kind of want to take these books out of the Street Sesame Street Books category . I think the pages themselves are fine , and they should be here -- but theyre not really Sesame Street Books in the way that the other books in that category are . They could just be in the Sesame and Me category .
muppet	In October 1964 , towards the start of the second season , Rowlf appeared with Dean in a set of shows on the road - including an appearance at Purdue University in Lafayette , Indiana
poke	Surskit uses BubbleBeam , so the umbrella is thrown away , making them affected by Pikachu 's attack and blasting them off .
starwars	Han tells Pace to work his mechanic magic .
poke	May and Ash decide to train there , thinking of it as a perfect place to exercise .
poke	Beautifly uses Tackle and spins , though Medicham uses Meditate , evading the attack .
muppet	Part 2 Harvey has refilled the closet . A boy tries to open it , but the door is stuck . When the boy has left , Harvey opens the closet and the toys fall on him again .
starwars	These robes included a cream undertunic , a light brown overtunic , a deep brown tabard , a pair of tall deep brown boots , loose-fitting light brown trousers , and a broad sash tied around the waist .
poke	Team Rocket flies off , but even though Vigoroth and Pikachu is fine , May notices they took her Torchic .
starwars	In 980 BBY , Harth traveled to the planet Doan to recover several recently excavated Sith artifacts .
muppet	Kurt Bryant is a stuntman and actor who was the suit performer for Tokka in the Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop-effects movie Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the Ooze .
poke	Drake claims this is a low point for someone to steal someone 's Pokémon and promises to show them no mercy .
starwars	At some point , Bagnoro met Han Solo .
muppet	From 2001 through 2005 , he worked with toy company Palisades as a `` Muppet Consultant '' on the figures , concentrating on the look and design of the characters . He also conceived the Invisible Fozzie Action Figure . In 2005 , he was thanked in the credits of Fraggle Rock Season Two Interviews with Fraggle Rock Creators
poke	Team Rocket is caught in the snow , annoyed to the fact `` the twerps dragged them here '' .
muppet	For the dull-filler videos , I think Rowlfs Rhapsodies with the Muppets is a good model . Theres a couple pics at the top illustrating the framing sequence , and then its on to the clips . I agree that we dont need a dozen pictures of Gina reading to Ernestine for The Best of Ernie and Bert -- just one or two would do . --
poke	Ash claims he is at the top of his game , so Drake proposes a 3-on-3 battle and the winner is the one that obtains two victories .
starwars	Human tears contained salt .
starwars	During the Galactic Civil War , House Pelagia was attempting to rebuild the station in order to use it as a warship again .
muppet	An extended version of `` Food Fight ! '' featuring appearances by WWE wrestler The Miz and ring announcer Michael Buffer also premiered exclusively on the WWEs website and YouTube channel the following day . A behind-the-scenes teaser had been posted on the WWEs YouTube channel on December 3 .
muppet	We encourage people who edit here to use wikicode when editing pages . In http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Special # mw-prefsection-editing your preferences its called the Source Editor . The code is very basic to the point of not really being `` code '' at all , but more importantly it provides a greater level of control over how pages look and how they function .
muppet	Augie Castagnola , more often credited as Agostino Castagnola , is an opera singer and studio vocalist . He dubbed the `` Pagliacci '' vocals for Arsenio Hall in Episode 208 The Cameo episode 208 of Muppets Tonight . While uncredited , he was billed when clips of those scenes were reused in Episode 209 The Best of Muppets the following episode , listed with the puppeteers .
poke	Brock points out even if the trainers can keep a better look on their Pokémon , the wind can affect both the trainer and the Pokémon .
poke	Brock is amazed by Drake 's cooking , as the latter tells them it makes the trainers stronger .
muppet	The documentary debuted as part of a special `` ATV Night '' programming block honoring Lord Grade . Episode 223 John The John Cleese episode of The Muppet Show also aired , along with clips and episodes of other series produced by Grades ATV .
poke	May thinks Tate and Liza have the advantage in this , but Brock explains there is nothing wrong in making it more difficult to draw out the challenger 's skills .
muppet	`` The Bug Song '' is sung by Chaz the Chameleon in The Animal Show episode `` Episode 105 Aardvark
muppet	His interest isnt solely in humans ; has dated at least one catfish .
poke	Dusclops uses Shadow Punch , hitting Roselia , followed by Will-O-Wisp , defeating the latter .
starwars	Long used to defending herself , Rey fought back and defeated the two using her quarterstaff .
muppet	Three issues of Sesamstraat De grote Strip-Paperback were published by The Dutch publisher De Vrijbuiter B.V. , in association with German publishers Condor Print
poke	Max claims May 's mind can not be changed , like one day with her school boyfriend , but May shushes Max before he can say more .
starwars	While Kenobi and Skywalker traveled to the distant planet Iego to retrieve a potential cure , Amidala and Binks worked with Rex , Tano , and their men to eliminate the laboratory 's remaining battle droids .
muppet	I set up the first 5 seasons so far
starwars	He owned Flip of the Credit , a small casino in Equator City on Rodia .
muppet	Kermit added the title of author to his long list of credits with the publication of One Frog Can Make A Difference Kermit ’ s Guide to Life in the 90 ’ s .
starwars	Canderous , who had been in awe of the Jedi , and Revan in particular , in the wake of his people 's defeat at the Battle of Malachor V , stated that he was Revan 's man to the end .
starwars	The other was a violent Corellian braggart who referred to himself in the first person and indicated that he was no longer a member of Gand society .
starwars	However , when they were captured by Quirt , Hronk did not want to be sent to Kessel and agreed to play along with Chewbacca 's plan .
starwars	Getting the drop on Obi-Wan , Jango was now in pursuit and fired blasters until Obi-Wan 's interceptor was hit .
muppet	Matt Vogel is an accomplished puppeteer who joined the Sesame Street troupe in 1996 . He is currently the shows Muppet Captain and has assumed some of Jerry Nelsons roles , by the recommendation of Nelson himself .
starwars	However , Asajj later refused to pay the amount she promised .
starwars	His sacrifice touched Kithe , who decided to continue as an Intelligence agent .
poke	Nero appears immediately after , showing the badge case and diving back in the lake .
starwars	During the course of the novel , Plagueis and Sidious `` succeeded in willing the Force to shift and tip irrevocably to the dark side '' , `` a tangible alteration that could be felt by anyone strong in the Force , and whether or not trained in the Sith or Jedi arts . ''
muppet	Maria emerges from the brownstone , and finds Leslie fuming `` Its just Oscar , with his whole dog-gone Christmas attitude ! '' Maria tries to take her mind off it by showing her Tiny Tim the injured kitten she found . Shes dressed it up with a red ribbon , and put a cast on its broken leg . Leslie determines that the kitten needs a name . Then Leslie and Maria shout in unison `` Tiny Tim ! '' Maria laughs `` I cant believe we came up with the same name ! '' Leslie complains some more , saying , `` Oscar certainly does remind you of another Christmas grouch , doesnt he . '' Maria answers , `` You mean Ebenezer Scrooge . '' The word `` Scrooge '' gives Leslie an idea to teach Oscar a lesson . Maria trails after her `` What are we going to do , Leslie ? Whats the plan ? ''
starwars	However , while Kharys was preoccupied with the interrogation , Skywalker and Organa , equipped with anti-gravity belts and disguised as S'kytri , infiltrated the fortress , cutting down Kharys 's stormtroopers with a hail of blaster fire .
starwars	Maul eventually escaped from Sidious and went into hiding for several years after the fall of the Republic and the Jedi Order .
muppet	The 2009 book Sesame Street A Celebration - 40 Years of Life on the Street reprinted several of Ross photographs and included a capsule biography , praising her `` vivid portraiture '' and citing her gallery exhibitions as including New York New Yorks Museum of Modern Art .
poke	Rico tells the Pokémon escaped , but Ash is glad there are some good people around , unlike Team Rocket .
muppet	Four sketches were included on the video Big Birds Story Time , although Kermits pre-on camera comments were cut out , as well as the News Flash logos and references to it being a news broadcast . The `` Rapunzel '' sketch was included , uncut , on Old School Volume 1 , and the `` Jack Be Nimble '' sketch was included on Old School Volume 2 , as well as the `` Humpty Dumpty '' sketch as part of Episode 0796 . A clip montage of various News Flash segments was included in The Best of Kermit on Sesame Street video . The sketch where Don Music writes `` Mary Had a Bicycle '' was included in Sing Yourself Silly and Old School Volume 2 . The sketch where Don Music rewrites `` Yankee Doodle '' was also included in Old School Volume 2 .
starwars	Yractos made its first appearance in the New Jedi Order novel `` '' , during the battle there .
muppet	Wilkins enters a small cottage dressed as Little Red Riding Hood and as he approaches the bed he says
muppet	Hi , Herman -- When you edited Christmas Eve on Sesame Street , you wrote `` Ive decided to skip the award part because those whove read about it on other sites probably already know about it . '' Im not sure what you mean about reading about it on other sites -- we dont take information off the wiki just because someone might happen to know about it from another source .
poke	However , he remembers that Trapinch evolved into Vibrava ; Hal followed them and found himself out of the lake , but did not remember how he got out .
starwars	Her bodyguards Flen and Sawj Luzo then executed the assassin with their lightsabers .
muppet	Would Richards cameo in the Fraggle Rock wrap party tape count here ? -- -- User and Bert Jesse
poke	The heroes are at a different place , where Miranda believes they are inside Togepi 's paradise , impressing everyone , since Miranda has been here before Sara 's father became the king .
starwars	Commanded by Admiral Voss Parck , it had remained secret .
muppet	I agree ; I think the llama would be listed as `` Llama '' , not `` The Llama '' . --
poke	May now has to make the ultimate decision : stay to find Max and miss the final contest before the Grand Festival , or leave alone for Pacifidlog Island trusting that Ash will find Max and come to the Contest for the next morning .
muppet	I have to tell some people that I nominated Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade in the quality nominations . User Webkinz Mania 2226 , 4 April 2009
starwars	During the war , Dorvald served as a sentry at the entrance of the Jedi Temple on Coruscant at one point and had to deal with a visitor who claimed to be `` Twinsins Thlee '' and asked for a conversation with Grand Master Luke Skywalker .
poke	Meowth pulls a rope , causing the zeppelin to take off , but the heroes grab onto a rope , in time , before the zeppelin gets off .
starwars	Further information on Netus 's background was provided in George R. Strayton 's 1996 `` '' supplement `` Tales of the Jedi Companion '' .
muppet	I would suggest we take out that note and only list appearances we can actually confirm .
poke	May is angry for being pushed away , so Erica claims her she has a lot of learn , relying on Assist attack .
poke	The pair then bow to one another , as dance partners would , and begin flying around one another in a wide circle .
poke	After reading the letter , Elijah points out how important it is for him to show movies , since it is a special moment to watch the movie on a big screen , rather than on the television .
starwars	One such gunslinger was Tobias Beckett who carried one DL-44 heavy blaster pistol , one RSKF-44 heavy blaster and one DG-29 heavy blaster pistol .
muppet	Because this 2011 article from The Muppet Mindset suggested otherwise http//themuppetmindset.blogspot.com/2011/12/muppet-mindset-goes-hollywood-part-2.html
muppet	Billy , or a bunny strikingly similar to Billy , appeared as `` The Hare '' in the song `` The Addition Expedition '' .
poke	Juan is amazed how Pikachu has so much energy to neutralize Twister , so orders Milotic to use Hydro Pump .
starwars	Luxiar
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Bondoc page .
starwars	Janine K. Spendlove
muppet	The Word on the Street Sesame Street becomes the first television show to receive the Kennedy Center Kennedy Center Honor . The ceremony was broadcast on December 15 on CBS , and featured appearances by Lucy Liu , Cedric the Entertainer , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , and Thomas Rhett paying tribute to the show . The legendary childrens series celebrates its historic Sesame Street 50th 50th anniversary , with a commemorative Sesame Streets 50th Anniversary prime-time special airing on HBO November 9 , and on PBS November 17 . Season 50 Season 50 began airing on HBO on November 16 . A new series of web videos `` Sesame Street Memories '' features celebrities remembering their favorite memories from the past fifty years .
starwars	Though initially hesitant to give up Grievous , Jar Jar reminded her that Anakin was their friend , finally causing her to relent .
poke	A plane passes by the cable cart , though Jessie continues to explain the area .
poke	Just as Trapinch eat the robot away , Team Rocket and Pikachu are dragged down into the hole .
starwars	Dengar disappears in a ball of explosion .
starwars	Just as George Lucas drew upon the work of N. C. Wyeth and Norman Rockwell for his own visual inspiration , he has now invited more than 100 of the most well-known and promising working artists-across several disciplines , genres , and countries-to draw upon the entire Star Wars galaxy for inspiration . ''
poke	May thinks Max will just come back crying for food , so Max decides to tease her for a while .
muppet	It was also sung by Johnny Fiama on Episode 107 Sandra episode 107 of Muppets Tonight .
starwars	Upon the other crew members ' return to the ship , 11-4D pronounced everything ship-worthy .
starwars	Viper Squadron was a squadron of starfighter pilots in the Imperial Navy of the reconstituted Sith Empire during the Cold War .
poke	However , after destroying the illusions , they see nothing , but Swellow dives down to attack .
starwars	Garlic rose was a kind of plant that had a cloying odor .
muppet	KermitFan Greeting from Sweden . Im a big frog fan . Which of the muppets movies was the most fun to make ?
starwars	Nimba system
poke	The boy is surprised his Spheal has been defeated this easily ; Max explains him that Water-type Pokémon have a weakness to Electric-type moves .
muppet	Hi , Wendy ! Its great to be back on ! Anyway , I dont know if we talked about this a long time ago , but I wanted to bring up how we have promo and store stock 45s listed on the Muppet discography chart . I feel that we should only have promos listed until we can find a store stock copy , or if there was no store stock copy , like for the very last Sesame 45s . The reason Im bringing this up is because weve got promos and stock copies of the Muppet Movie and Caper 45s , and theyre the same number . The only difference is that the promo copies have the same song on both sides , even though its the same number . I realize that in some cases we have pictures of both , and I hate to lose them , because I really love record label pictures . But if we put every promo we find , that could theoretically double the size of the single entries . I was wondering how you felt about all this , because we also have some pictures in the wrong places , and I wanted to talk to you before we figure out which ones to keep . Let me know what you think . Thanks ! Happy Leap Year ! --
starwars	After a confrontation in which Revan learned of his true identity , Bastila remained behind to fight Malak while Revan and Carth escaped to the `` Hawk '' .
poke	However , when neither he or Watt are there , the group goes exploring and come across a carnival run by Team Rocket .
poke	Lunatone attacks with Ice Beam and Solrock with Solar Beam , but before they hit them , the beams crash into each other and are negated .
poke	Mary explains the spring near the village supplied it with water , and it is said the `` Great Lombre '' lives there .
muppet	Most importantly , Andrew has demonstrated an eagerness and a talent for collaboration that we want to recognize as a model of wikicitizenship . Good communication is the backbone of this kind of collaborative project , and Andrew is great at it . He posts a lot on article talk pages , and directly to users -- asking for clarification , clearing up misunderstandings , and proposing new ideas . Hes gradually been taking on an admin role , and we want to make that official . Andrew , thanks for your great work , and were happy to be collaborating with you ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1851 , 6 February 2006
starwars	`` With his bounty-hunter pals and a team of Imperial Knights , Cade Skywalker plans to assassinate the Sith Emperor Darth Krayt .
starwars	In 1983 , following the release of , writer Randy Stradley , who was working for the license holder of `` Star Wars '' related comics at the time , Marvel Comics , finished his first script .
poke	They spot Wailmer swimming nearby , thinking they are escorting them to the islands .
starwars	She says she wants to thank him and says that being at the `` Colossus '' has opened her eyes .
starwars	Since the fishing submersibles and eel traps were damaged , the seacroppers had been unable to go fishing and they had been reduced to pauperism .
starwars	Operation Venom
starwars	Kateena was a child who lived in an orphanage on the planet Jakku .
poke	The Professor tells them that the island was inhabited by Anorith and Lileep , and it was connected to the land .
poke	The Grunt ca n't get access more data , requiring a special card , which Bart has .
poke	This prevented destruction to roam the island once more , which was sealed in a lake .
poke	With Shauna acting as the referee , the battle begins , as Brawly sends Machop and Ash Treecko .
muppet	Cynthia Birdley was a purple female Whatnot who appeared in the Panel panel discussion in The Muppet Show Episode 112 Peter episode 112 .
muppet	We dont want to encourage this behavior . Blocked users are banned for a reason and acting as their proxy only puts your own account at risk . Thanks .
muppet	The song was sung as a duet between Rowlf the Rowlf and Jimmy Dean on The Jimmy Dean Show Episode the December 10 , 1964 broadcast of The Jimmy Dean Show , when Rowlf was cured from his delusion that he was a cat .
muppet	Spider Stole curts
muppet	In Guy Smileys `` Here is Your Life '' sketch on Sesame Street , Cloud pays tribute to Oak Tree , who had been watered by Clouds rain . Oak Tree thanks Cloud and his partner the Sun , and Cloud chokes `` He remembered ! ''
poke	Pikachu goes on Swellow 's back , though Meowth releases the glue bombs , to which they evade .
starwars	ZED-6-7 proposed to first start where Skywalker was first seen , the desert planet Tatooine .
starwars	The Protectorate was a military organization led by the former Imperial Inquisitor Adalric Cessius Brandl , and his son Jaalib Brandl .
muppet	So far , we know that Thog , Mahna Mahna , the Boss Men and Kermit were involved in this show , but the article also mentioned some Sesame Street Muppets appearing as well , but Im not sure . Maybe theyve made a mistake , I dont know . MasterYoshi 1407 , September 14 , 2010
starwars	The band of collaborators known as the Peace Brigade were used extensively by the empire , who used them to subvert the planetary governments , provide them with information , and to serve as escorts for their supply lines .
poke	Ash and Brock attempt to persuade the boy 's sister that they are not thieves , but with no success .
muppet	However , in several respects the plot follows the novel more closely than does the classic 1939 movie For example , the Good Witch of the North are separate characters ; the magic shoes are silver instead of ruby ; when Dorothy defeats the Wicked Witch of the West she gains control of the Winged Monkeys ; and the Wizard meets with each of Dorothys friends separately in a different guise .
muppet	A refined version of the caricature was used a few times Season 8 the following season . In a sketch with Grover , he passes a ONE WAY sign with a food cart . He also appeared in `` Bus Stop , '' waiting for the bus , and during the song `` I Love a March . ''
poke	Fearing for their lives , James goes backwards with Jessie and Wobbuffet , leaving Meowth alone with the ghost .
muppet	Thats nuts . I love it . Its a perfect example of a contributor following his bliss . --
poke	However , Max gets startled and falls down , since a child confronts him , demanding to know what was Max doing .
starwars	Hoth and Farfalla got into an argument when the former told the latter of Pernicar 's death , with Hoth blaming Farfalla for the killing of Pernicar .
poke	Seviper uses Wrap , but Brock sends Mudkip and uses Water Gun on Seviper , blowing it on Team Rocket , who blasts off .
poke	As Ash is convinced to do some fishing , Jessie and Meowth are near a bush while James is the man in disguise , pleased that their foes fell for the bait .
muppet	Also , some of your changes havent been necessary or incorrect . If youre not sure of the context or phrasing of something , feel free to ask before changing . Some of the edits have been helpful , but please keep this in mind from now on . Thanks !
starwars	The mission ended in failure with the deaths of the contact team and the capture of Makintay by Imperial soldiers .
starwars	During the execution of Fives and Jesse , Dogma was in charge of the execution squad , which included Tup and CT-6116 `` Kix . ''
poke	Brock notices that Machop is being hit like on a surf board , to have a control over the field .
muppet	Source http//stokenewingtonwi.blogspot.com/2014/01/february-meeting.html Stoke Newington Womens Institute WI blog .
poke	James spots the heroes fishing , so they plan to steal Whiscash after they capture it .
poke	However , Teddiursa does not act as a Spinda , so Jessie orders it to move to left , then right .
muppet	Rowlf had several lines of dialogue in The Muppet Show Live in 2001 and also spoke two lines of dialogue , Rowlf had a more prominent role in the behind the scenes making-of special that accompanied it , Weezer and the Muppets Go Fishin .
poke	When the smoke clears , Team Rocket go up in their balloon , but Seviper accidentally grabbed May 's Torchic .
muppet	Hey , nice HD screenshots ! What are you using to grab stills from Blu-ray ? I just bought a player for my computer , but every program I try cant get past the copy protection . Scott contact )
starwars	The helmet was silver in color and had the Black Sun emblem etched into the forehead .
poke	Team Rocket is displeased , but think they may impress the boss to give them some promotions .
poke	May and Max do not know why the crowd is interested in Norman so much , wondering if Norman even knows about this .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but misses , and the Magnemite strike Ash and Pikachu .
poke	Suddenly two scientists appear , who explain they were researching how to control the weather .
starwars	The mobile command post was a prefabricated building developed by Sienar Fleet Systems for instances when the Empire needed a temporary presence on a planet before an Imperial governor arrived .
muppet	If youre talking about other sources , like official YouTube subscription to the Monthly Pass , Amazon , or iTunes , use this
starwars	Three members came forward , attacking him with vibro-weapons lined with cortosis , a lightsaber resistant metal , though Othone used Niman , a lightsaber form , to defeat the three attackers .
poke	However , Jessie thinks she 'll win without much effort , as May has a low score .
starwars	Food and cargo delivery shuttles landed atop the building to supply the restaurant .
starwars	After Grogu was kidnapped by dark troopers belonging to Moff Gideon , Fett flew his ship into Tython 's upper atmosphere to identify Gideon 's light cruiser .
starwars	When he was killed in a failed mission against the Empire for the Annoo resistance , the ship became Kea 's .
starwars	The character of Seib Nod first appeared , unnamed , in the 2002 film by George Lucas , , during the Outlander Club scene .
muppet	In episode 4.08 begins dating a tall girl in class who has been dubbed `` Big Bird '' by others at school . The episode includes background music similar to the Sesame Street theme , and a scene in which members of the football team mock the couple
muppet	The selection of episodes included on this set doesnt match the third season as it was originally broadcast on HBO . Fraggle Rock was produced in four seasons of 24 episodes each , however HBO split up the episodes to stretch the show into five broadcast seasons . As such , the third season , which was produced as 24 episodes , was originally broadcast as only 22 episodes . The final two episodes of the season— '' Episode 402 Wembleys Wonderful Whoopie Wembleys Wonderful Whoopie Water '' and `` Episode 403 Sidebottom Sidebottom Blues '' —were originally held over and broadcast as the second and third episodes of the shows fourth season .
starwars	The trio returns to Coruscant with Drez Unlin as their prisoner .
poke	May is amazed how beautiful Juan 's Pokémon look , including Milotic , thinking Juan could be a great Coordinator .
muppet	Whats the source for 3-4 inches ? The Tough Pigs article thats referenced says `` maybe about 2 1/2 inches tall '' . --
poke	The heroes are glad the park is working , while Marcel has decided to rename the place as Banana Slakoth and Vigoroth garden .
poke	While May manages to return her Poké Ball , Team Rocket is angry , so Jessie brings her Seviper out and James his Cacnea .
muppet	Crespos film dub credits include Billy Zane in Silent Warnings , French Stewart in Home Alone 4 , Isaiah Washington in Romeo Must Die , and Norm MacDonald in Billy Madison . In television , Crespo has dubbed Malcolm-Jamal Warner . He has also been heard in the Spanish versions of several videogames , including Commandos Strike Force and Tom Clancys Splinter Cell Chaos Theory .
poke	Seeing the princess had actually cured Togepi , Misty is grateful for such hospitality .
muppet	Hi Danny -- I notice you put the Hallmark Fraggle Rock Christmas Ornament back into the Fraggle Rock Xmas Ornaments category . I had moved it out to fraggle rock misc . merchandise and the broader Xmas Ornaments categories after some discussion at Category talk Rock Christmas Ornaments about single-article categories . I think it was while you werent around a few weeks ago . Do you know something we didnt ? Are there more ornaments out there so this category will eventually expand ? We should probably remove the tag if you think its worth keeping the category , but I just find it odd to have an entire category for a single item . --
muppet	Mira was a Gelfling who served as a guard of The Castle of the the Crystal Castle in The Dark Crystal Age of Resistance .
starwars	No other classes can interact with Viidu due to his location inside a storyline area that only smugglers can enter , with the exception of Republic players in a party with a Smuggler class character entering the area .
poke	It may be caused by the game trying to access the wild Pokémon data of the same hex as the gentleman trainer but since there is only trainer data the game loads some trainer data chunks which glitches when used as Pokémon data .
starwars	Lunker , along with Captain Gregar Typho from the Royal Naboo Security Forces , rendezvoused with the arriving Jedi in the Royal Hangar in Naboo 's capital Theed .
poke	Ash , Max and Brock have recovered , but see they have to search for May and Drew , who have gone missing .
muppet	https//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bnu70bLl3Hg
poke	Max asks Drake to show his Pokémon , but Drake states there is little fun in showing them .
starwars	At the meeting at the Drukarg highlands , his people attacked Miraj .
starwars	In Doaba Guerfel , Captain Vitala Baize wished to infiltrate an agent within the Chirq Council but she first needed more information about the organization .
poke	Max asks if Snorunt gave Ash his badges back but the latter says no , so Joy demands Snorunt to give the badges back .
starwars	Although Darth Malora was originally in charge of the invasion force , her alchemy experiments with the Geonosians greatly jeopardized the lives of the Imperials .
starwars	This deception and betrayal caused a deep rift between her and Kyp Durron , as she told him she would never trust him again .
muppet	The files themselves are not available on the Internet . To view the files , researchers can visit the Hornbake Library in College Park , Maryland . The National Public Broadcasting Archives is open on weekdays from 10am to 5pm . See http//www.lib.umd.edu/NPBA/papers/ctw.html the National Public Broadcasting Archives website for more information .
poke	During the flight , James thinks Meowth could come as a set with the boss ' Persian and as Meowth angrily disagrees , Jessie sees Meowth 's massage is wearing off .
poke	While on the ship , Ash spots another , newer boat nearby , so they realize someone else is on the ship .
starwars	Noehons were able to adapt to life on many worlds , as well as zero-gravity conditions .
poke	Using Sandstorm , Pupitar blasts them off , though Rico comments he missed his chance to catch those Pokémon .
muppet	MP You may say in World Over that the most beautiful and brilliant , that is moi , Miss Piggy thinks kashrut is great . How about legs ... frogs legs , that is ?
poke	Brock sees she was startled by Magical Leaf , while Ash blames himself for not teaching her more about fighting .
muppet	Its obvious that you want your voice to be heard on this wiki . Unfortunately , because your ratio of comments to article contributions is so unbalanced , I think your comments arent being perceived in a positive light . If you would contribute more information to the wiki , then your opinions might carry more weight . --
starwars	Unidentified Imperial commander ( Leviathan )
poke	Roxanne decides to have a videotape of her battle with Ash to show to her students later on .
poke	Ash goes to battle with them , but Brock pulls him , thinking it might not be a good idea .
muppet	Ten Years of Sesame Street was an exhibit held at The Smithsonian Institution from June to September 1979 . Celebrating the shows tenth anniversary , the exhibit featured a 50-foot replica of a portion of the street set , with mannequins of Bob , Susan , Mr. Hooper , Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch . The exhibit also featured special video highlights from the shows first ten years . Screened throughout the summer were the tenth anniversary special , A Walking Tour of Sesame Street , and Childrens Television Workshop Ten Years of Film , a collection of film compiled by John Hanhardt .
muppet	Barbara Barnes is an actress who played one of the Graeae in The StoryTeller Greek Myths episode `` Episode 101 Perseus and the Perseus and the Gorgon . ''
starwars	Lying in wait at her house , Taselda was to act normally when the Skywalkers returned and sound an alarm that would bring Abeloth to her location .
starwars	Ingo may refer to :
muppet	Hi ! Kate StreetScenes ) just told me that the Epic 45 you saw is actually a `` Bat McGrath '' record . So she took it out , and I just wanted to let you know . That solves a lot of things for me . That means that Bob was probably not making any US Columbia records anymore by this point , and he may have just done the one Juno 45 as a Christmas single . But she collects Bob records , so more will be coming ! Yay , more records ! --
muppet	This is a list of official billings for the Muppet pair of `` Bert and Ernie '' , which has been the subject of much debate and variation over the years . Unlike the comedy pairs of wikipedia and Abbott and Costello or Laurel and Hardy , there is no consistent billing order for the pair .
starwars	Following the Devastation of Kashyyyk , Luke Skywalker gave Kyp Durron the task of planning a mission against Jacen Solo .
starwars	While taking a small break in the Mos Eisley cantina , he met a spacer , whom he thought could help him with some of his work for Jabba .
starwars	Other notable droids were also stationed on the `` Resolute '' and the Kaliida Shoals Medical Center .
muppet	Actually , you should go to the Mars . Unless you are talking about Mars , then I do not recommend going . —
muppet	Ive listed many of my favorite wiki articles and creations on my user page .
poke	Both of them hide and Ash identifies the men to be Team Magma and wonders what are they plotting now .
starwars	On their eponymous homeworld , the Nulls lived in small individualistic communities with a strong sense of privacy .
muppet	Hey , Dean ! if youre uploading those Janice pictures , could you let me use them for a Janice Through the Years page ? As I type Im working on it -- User Big V 1138 , 17 April 2006
starwars	During the year 20 BBY , Garnac 's son Dar was preparing to enter the guild as an official member .
muppet	New episodes did not air every other week . The average was three episodes a week every week until the end of September . Then the last five will air sometime in November . Can we remove the line that says they aired every other week ? -- User Bird Fan 0101 , October 14 , 2006
poke	The heroes have nearly arrived to Mauville City , but they see a poster , advertising the `` House of Tricks '' , where the winner gets one-year supply of PokéBlocks .
starwars	Honoring their deal , the Knight allowed Garn to leave , and the Rodian told the pair that he was going to visit friends on the moon Nar Shaddaa .
poke	Team Rocket eats some rice balls and Meowth heard of a meteor that fell somewhere near them .
muppet	Hey , Wendy , I noticed that you put up the track listing for The Best of Oscar the Grouch . Do you happen to have it ? I wanted to check something on the back cover . Thanks ! --
muppet	A new contributor , User , changed the date on this article from 1990 to 1991 . Anybody have a source either way ? --
starwars	Nomi tried to combat the influences she felt , but the dark side being managed to overwhelm her defenses and knock her unconscious—during the attack , Kith Kark was killed as a result of his Force shield being neutralized by the dark side being .
muppet	Four Kids was a New Zealand kids programming block which ran Sesame Street from seasons Season 37 37 to Season 45 45 . It was closed on July 2 , 2016 and was replaced with a New Zealander version of Bravo ; Sesame Street and other childrens programming were not transferred in favor of infomercials .
poke	The Gulpin each year eat everything and Prof. Jacuzzi is certain they are headed for the center of town , where they would eat the rest of the food this town has .
starwars	Ultimately the story thread would have set up future events in the Legacy of the Force series nicely if it had n't been discarded .
poke	Timmy tries to hide the costume , but is told they are all here to help him enter tomorrow 's Contest , which is Timmy 's wish .
poke	Ash and Brock are frustrated , when they need a boat , yet have been lost in the city .
starwars	With Fives and Tup both dead , Palpatine attributed the cause of the entire situation to parasites the two had supposedly picked up on the Ringo Vinda space station , announcing that a vaccine would be distributed among the Grand Army of the Republic to prevent any further incidents .
poke	Taillow uses Wing Attack , damaging Torchic , but the crowd demoralizes Ash 's morale .
muppet	Also , I noticed the same puppeteer is performing Elmo in this photo heading the chapter `` Happy to Meet You '' in the 40 years book . -- -- User and Bert Jesse
muppet	Should I delete Latest News once its at least two months old ? We have some . User Webkinz Mania 0056 , 12 January 2009
starwars	The hut 's entrance was covered by a curtain , and its design was similar to several other huts near the temple .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Corphish evades the attack and uses Bubble Beam , damaging Pikachu .
starwars	With the traps set , Konur planned to used the grid controls to divide any groups of Jedi-allied agents that arrived and then allow the aggressors to attack him , causing the E-Web blasters to trigger and distract the attackers while Konur fled in the `` Firespray '' -31 .
poke	In the final round , Kelly battles May , who has a tactic to overcome Grumpig 's psychic powers .
poke	Suddenly , a boy , with a Nincada , enters the room , angry they entered his Secret Base .
poke	Jessie screams , while Meowth thinks Jessie has imagined their new demoted jobs .
starwars	Through the study of corpses and skeletal remains , Baobab xenobiologists discovered that Jawas appeared to be gaunt , rodent-like creatures , with shrunken faces and yellow eyes .
starwars	Imperial forces killed Separatist General Kendu Ultho and captured his remaining forces .
starwars	While approaching the New Republic hideout , Sha also struggled to mask his presence in the Force from Skywalker , but he was ultimately able to do so during the abduction attempt .
muppet	We might have to do it in a semi-ambiguous way Stating the two conflicting sources but not really giving primacy until we had a more concrete statement or a direct quote .
starwars	Imperial forces used `` Deathhawk '' airspeeders during their occupation of Goroth .
poke	Max comments both trainers use the Pokémon they recently obtained in order to boost their level , while May sees the battle brings out a youthful spirit .
poke	May introduces her friends to Joshua and Erica , who will enter the Contest as well .
starwars	To accomplish this , they met in a cantina with Verral Kayrell , a mechanic at the police station .
poke	May admits that she let her desire to win a Ribbon get the better of her and lose sight of what was really important .
muppet	In the video itself , each song is accompanied by text listing the song title and singer , there the Two-Headed Monster is identified as `` The Singing Heads '' .
starwars	The Battle of Cerea ended with Bo-Ro-Tara 's assassination at the hands of Gossam Commandos .
starwars	Yet , Antan refused to repair it , believing that the Empire would soon trace the ship to the Azzameens , and that the family had worked too hard to risk getting involved in the war .
muppet	This item was added early on by an anonymous
poke	After promising to meet each other at the Pokémon Center , they split away ; May goes with Brock and Ash goes with Max .
poke	James feels like he , Jessie and Meowth have done this before , but Jessie and Meowth tell him to start digging .
muppet	A 1-minute TV promo for the movie debuted during the Disney Channel premiere of Take Two with Phineas and Phineas and Ferb Across the 2nd Dimension on August 5 , 2011 . It features many scenes from The Muppets Official the official trailer , as well as some new clips .
poke	Max is amazed Ash won this battle , but May thinks that will go as far as Ash does not get full of himself .
starwars	R'alla was a municipality located in a mountainous region of the planet of the same name , near a series of underground caverns , which were the source of R'alla mineral water .
starwars	As Alderaanians , Miara and her crew had been given the privilege of being at the front of the parade .
starwars	The most profitable enterprise found in this region was the gambling industry .
muppet	I was wondering , do we want pages for every single performer who worked on Labyrinth ? I know why we would want to , but with some of these theres not much more to write than `` He/She worked as a goblin on Labyrinth . '' Some of these people dont have any film credits other than Labyrinth . Im willing to work on adding pages for all of these people , but Id rather get someone elses opinion first . Gribbaziggy 2027 , 7 February 2007
starwars	The Yalarans did not appear in the game but were mentioned in the backstory of one of the game 's levels .
poke	Ash mutters in his sleep to have Corphish use Crabhammer , to which Corphish , who is also asleep , gently bashes its claw on Ash 's head .
muppet	Please respond here . Your communication hasnt been the best to date , and if you do create the Gloria page yet again without prior consensus of approval , it will not only be deleted but you may be blocked .
starwars	Primarily , Cabrool dealt in used spaceships , but he also dealt in slaves as well .
muppet	Surprise Party is a Mopatops Shop storybook based on Episode 137 Surprise the episode of the same name .
poke	Jessie is amused and proposes to catch Numel and sell them , and an idea , which James and Meowth , along with Wobbuffet agree as well .
starwars	At that moment , he was one of the best bladesmith ever leaving Togoria , and he was also a great fighter with the twin scimitars .
poke	Suddenly , they hear a sound they heard before , causing Torkoal to run to the source .
muppet	So I left an apology on User talk24.193.157.108 , and I deleted the images from Elmo Variants
muppet	Sweetums `` Jack not name , jack job ! ''
poke	Back at the Pokémon Center , the heroes give the Poké Balls back to their owners .
muppet	Chris Jai Alex is an actor and voice actor who plays the cop who arrests Miss Piggy in The Muppets The Muppets episode `` Episode 103 Bear Left Then Bear Bear Left Then Bear Write . ''
muppet	The Jimmy Dean Show Rowlf meets Lassie , and acts in a scene with her . He calls for help , and she shows off her jumping and acting skills .
poke	Roxanne is impressed by Ash and Pikachu , since the latter defeated her Geodude .
poke	Torchic goes away and finds the frisbee , but also finds a Skitty , who seems to be ill. May is amused by Skitty 's cuteness and goes with her friends to a laboratory , where Skitty would recover through aromatherapy .
starwars	Reep Tonith was a male Muun and a member of the influential Tonith family .
poke	Pikachu uses Iron Tail , but unexpectedly , Shelgon uses Dragon Breath , canceling the attack and uses Dragon Claw , defeating Pikachu .
starwars	The alliance now has a new fleet of Mon Cala ships , including several MC75 and MC80 star cruisers , including both `` Home One '' and `` Liberty '' type cruisers , the ships however were mostly unarmed .
starwars	Triple Zero says let 's talk .
poke	Ash , Brock and Max agree , with Morita giving them place to sleep for the night .
poke	James looks to his map , seeing they are near a gold mine , but it has been dry for years .
muppet	Heeley has been a television director since the 1960s , most often in the realm of documentaries , several of which won Emmy Awards . He began his career with the BBC , on the variety or chat shows How It Is and Music Now , continuing in the same vein after moving to New York City in 1969 , with public television series Free Time , How Do Your Children Grow , and We Interrupt This Week . Documentary direction included episodes of Nature and a number of entertainment-focused specials , including two 1980 Fred Astaire documentaries , Lauren Bacall on Humphrey Bogart , James James Stewart A Wonderful Life and Katharine Hepburn All About Me .
starwars	Though the Republic won the First Battle of Geonosis under the direction of Yoda , many Jedi were killed .
poke	The company also had a growing number of deals with television producers and toy manufacturers .
poke	Chaz explains , in a Contest , the power of the attacks does not matter ; Janet explains that in a Pokémon Contest , Pokémon have to impress the audience with beautiful moves .
poke	Mr. Moore sees his cover is blown , making Team Rocket confused , as why would he use a disguise to spy on his own house .
starwars	From the ship , Kallus contacted the Grand Inquisitor , a dark side warrior tasked with hunting down Jedi survivors .
muppet	Ming Na posted two pictures of what could be the ABC set . https//twitter.com/MingNa/status/628763256102883328
poke	Soon enough , Team Rocket , who is terrified , appear on a huge boulder and wonder how they got up there .
muppet	In the opening , Rowlf sings one line of `` Deep in the Heart of Texas . '' For his main spot , Jimmy finds him reading the newspaper , ignoring news of Barry Goldwater and other candidates to focus on the real news Lil Orphan Annie to marry Daddy Warbucks and then he and Jimmy sing `` Vote for Rowlf . '' His running mate will be Rin-Tin-Tin and his first lady will be Lassie .
starwars	`` Katarn '' -class armor also featured a retractable knuckle plate vibro blade for melee combat .
poke	Snorunt takes advantage of this by using Icy Wind to stop the attack and an ice glacier is dropped .
muppet	On The Muppet Show , two slightly different inchworms were featured during Charles Aznavour and Danny Danny Kayes versions of the song `` The Inch Worm . '' Two striped worms more similar to those seen on Sesame Street appeared in `` The Glow-Worm '' sketch on Muppet Show Episode 204 Rich episode 204 .
starwars	After serving the Order for some time , Ban-yaro was made a Jedi Master by the Jedi High Council .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1814 , February 12 , 2011
starwars	Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker modified his `` Venator '' -class Star Destroyers at a shipyard in the system .
poke	Steven tries to calm the Aron down , but since it does n't work , Steven 's Aron uses Roar , stopping their rampage .
muppet	Shane added a cite tag to The Countess for the Camille Bonora credit . It looks like that page was merged from Countess von Backwards , and the history shows it was created with that credit http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Countess_von_Backwards ? oldid=2043 from you .
starwars	The Sisters had a hostile relationship with the other factions particularly the Korsinite League , who revered Yaru and his daughter Nida Korsin , and Force 57 , which revered the `` Other 57 '' non-Human Red Sith who were aboard the `` Omen '' , the Sith dreadnaught which had brought the Tribe 's ancestors to Kesh .
poke	Thatcher goes to get his grandpa and when Alyssa explains to grandpa what Thatcher thinks , even the old man is convinced Ash is the hero .
starwars	Hoping to destroy Grievous whilst the vessel was unable to flee , Kenobi ordered all batteries to target the `` Malevolence '' command bridge at maximum firepower , but the ships were forced to cease their assault when an arriving Republic senator , lured to the battle zone under false pretences , was drawn into the cruiser and taken hostage .
starwars	Kressh soon discovered Sadow 's subterfuge , and marshaled his followers to attack Sadow 's fortress .
starwars	The Jedi flew a Delta-7B `` Aethersprite '' -class light interceptor into battle , but was killed by Vane .
poke	Captain Stern orders Max and Marius to run into town to get Officer Jenny , once he gives the signal .
muppet	Look at various schedules , they all list any repeats
starwars	Iliana expressed her anger at the unjust treatment of Seelah .
poke	The heroes wave goodbye to Thatcher and the squad , then leave to Lavaridge Town .
poke	As May and Max note how Ash is fired up , Snorunt comes out of its Poké Ball , using Icy Wind to cool him down .
starwars	After Mercurial Swift had disclosed the information they wanted , Jas proposed killing him to cover their threats .
starwars	Confederation
starwars	Under his command , the Sith Empire conquered many star systems , and experienced an age of splendor it had never before enjoyed under previous Dark Lords .
poke	Harley shows her Cacturne , so May goes to scan it with her Pokédex , which makes Harley surprised she does n't know about it .
muppet	This will be the last season to air on HBO . For Season 51 , the series will move to HBO Max , with first-run episodes premiering on a video streaming service for the first time , while continuing to air on PBS at a later date .
muppet	Im not very well versed in Farscape , but wasnt Rygel a traditional creature puppet on the show ? From the looks of http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2sm7XNyIS5M this video , he was created as a digital puppet for the mini-series . Is that right ? Scott
starwars	However , while this worked at first , the crystal slowly began cracking as the power within it was being pushed to the limits .
starwars	JSP-14 pistol
starwars	It is the second volume of `` '' , following `` Ambush at Corellia '' and preceding `` Showdown at Centerpoint '' .
muppet	Hey , also a quick question . Since youre the connections guy , I figured youd know . I noticed that almost all of the people on The Stars Come Out on Sesame Street album were also on The Muppet Show . I was trying to find a list of people who have appeared on both , but I couldnt find one . Do we have a list like that here ? --
poke	The heroes spot an underwater cave and see a Relicanth entering the current , so they follow it .
muppet	Kaye Ballard was a comic actress and singer who began her career in vaudeville . She was the guest star on The Muppet Show Episode 123 Kaye episode 123 .
poke	May feels a bit bad since Alanna did n't win the prize , with Team Rocket ambushing them , but Alanna thinks it was great when Whismur battled with them , who is tired and goes to sleep .
starwars	Shortly after this , Tuden Sal arrived in a skycar .
poke	Brock noticed Torkoal was not hurt by just Skarmory and Magnemite , but something stronger as well .
starwars	Draco somehow survived the encounter , and was fitted with extensive cybernetic enhancements , including a cybernetic right eye .
muppet	Bert and Ernies Great Adventures Pirates and Other Stories is a DVD release of 13 episodes of Bert and Ernies Great Adventures . It was released in 2009 by Abbey Kids Home Media in the United Kingdom , and Madman Entertainment in Australia .
starwars	Bpfassh
poke	Meowth is about to capture the latter , but Whiscash frees itself by jumping and then shaking the ground by using Earthquake .
muppet	If anybody wants to see the Sesame Street float , you can watch the whole parade at http//www.ktla.com/ ktla.com . Yay USC ! --
starwars	She wants to find her rebel comrades but accepts Wicket 's offer to bring her back to his village .
muppet	Issue # 2 -- Inside front cover How to Use the Sesame Street Magazine , Letter from the Editor .
poke	Sigourney tells them that the sage in the book looked a lot like Wobbuffet , although May , Meowth and Jessie doubt him and the text .
poke	May proposes to catching it , for despite its size , Gulpin still is a Pokémon .
starwars	Skywalker had grown so fond of the drink that he had kept a secret stash of the pods used to make it aboard his brother-in-law 's freighter .
muppet	On The Jimmy Dean Show Episode the February 27 , 1964 broadcast , Rowlf impersonated Jimmy Dean and sang the title `` Big Bad John . ''
muppet	Hi , Paul -- You added another article for the CD reissue of Bert en Ernie Ik Wist Niet Dat Je Kwaad Werd ! . If the track listing is the same , then they can share the same page . I added the new picture and info to the original page , and deleted the reissue page . I hope thats okay with you ... --
poke	Max sees Grace is also confident in winning the Contest , but May is discouraged and bashes Max , since her confidence shattered .
poke	Pikachu stands up , surprising Bagon and Michelle , seeing how Ash managed to restore Pikachu 's morale .
poke	Treecko uses Quick Attack , knocking James away and freeing Pikachu from the net .
starwars	She withdrew both the Republic and Pantoran presence from the world , leaving the Talz free to live their lives , and the Glid Station was abandoned .
starwars	Zuckuss had been observing the information broker Talon Karrde and when 4-LOM put him in touch with another bounty hunter , Zuckuss welcomed the help .
starwars	Using a stolen Armored Assault Tank , Anakin and Bera infiltrate a CIS communication outpost and send a distress signal to the Republic .
poke	Team Rocket is amazed , making Meowth think they could invite the boss for the dinner and declare this as their new base .
poke	Everyone cheers for the victory , but Corphish suddenly falls down , being ill .
poke	May orders Skitty to use Blizzard ( per Abby 's advice ) , but does not know how to .
poke	Rocky points out this exercise is to make trainer and Pokémon sync with each other , which Brock states the training makes sense .
poke	Meowth tells Pikachu he saved his life once , by nursing him when Pikachu had a fever .
poke	Brock proposes to have lunch , but May goes away , wanting to catch the Wurmple .
muppet	I added a couple paragraphs about the Dinosaurs link here , and on the Dinosaurs page . Its a tricky bit of writing -- I dont want to say for sure what the connection is , becuase theres a lot of missing information . Did Henson ever intend to turn this into a family sitcom , or was that just PR talk to make the show seem more connected to Hensons work ? So Ive done the best I could with it . Can somebody else take a second look at these sections ? --
poke	While explaining to Max how a machine works , the president looks to the person , who left the room .
poke	The scientists accept the president 's job , surprising Max the inventor is a president .
muppet	On February 8 , 2015 , American Express started airing another commercial featuring archive footage including footage from the Jim Henson commercial , and others , this time advertising for Apple Pay combined with the timeless security of American Express .
muppet	Hey Ryan , the category pages have to have some text in them in order for them to show up . Once theres some manually entered text , the category will show up with a list of everything in it . Sometimes its just a simple description , or if its a sub category , you can make that category page reference another category . So , for example , Muppets Tonight ! Sketchs can reference Muppets Tonight ! and then it will be a subcategory of Muppets Tonight ! along with Muppets Tonight ! Episodes . Scarecroe 2118 , 8 Dec 2005
poke	Kelly admits she buys the best berries to make a Pokéblock , to let Grumpig 's black pearl shine .
starwars	While attempting to impress his friends with an ostentatious maneuver through the canyon , Luke badly damaged the skyhopper and was subsequently grounded from flying by his uncle .
poke	James goes to say his name , but Jessie stomps on his foot , causing James to say his name is `` Jamester '' .
starwars	From the exterior of the Temple , a bystander would not find many similarities between the new Temple , and the past structure that had served the Order for several centuries .
poke	During the night , Romeo appears behind Juliet and tries to tell her she loves him .
poke	Team Rocket spot that Max and Ralts have gone away , so May tells them their eyesight is `` not so cool '' .
muppet	Grover and friends admire the night sky , making the rest of them sleepy . Grover witnesses a `` falling star '' and , failing to wish on it fast enough , goes to search for where it landed . Soon after , two aliens appear , who communicate through making music with their horns . using the singing flowers , they are able to communicate with them and learn they have lost an egg-shaped object . The aliens use their tractor beam and they fly off in search of bright lights . Meanwhile , Grover has found the egg and it begins releasing many bubbles . Grover pops them before they wake up Grrhoof and the Puffalopes , but to no avail , they are woken up . The egg starts studying the area , analyzing the colors . Elsewhere , the aliens have met Seamus , whos stage lights they have followed . They get new outfits and fly high into the sky , spotting some bright lights in the woods . They reach the woods , where they discover the egg is actually a device that keeps their baby safe . As the aliens part , Grover reveals his wish came true - he made some new friends .
starwars	Such performance-enhancing designs enabled shooters to engage targets anywhere from close quarters out to nearly half a kilometer without feeling ill-equipped .
poke	The heroes have arrived to Rustboro City and are enjoying the view from the tower .
poke	Deciding enough is enough , Caroline goes with her children , as well as Kenny and Brock , to face Norman , who is hiding something .
starwars	His death drove Han to a resentment of his son Anakin .
starwars	However , troopers would often sustained fatal injuries .
poke	Team Rocket appears , sucking the Spinda into the hose , including the heart-marked one .
poke	He finds it empty , but a boy comes , recognizing Ash , as `` the trainer who lost in second round '' , depressing Ash .
muppet	A nice copy of the appearance can be found http//www.wired.com/geekdad/2009/09/d23-muppets-pirates-and-cars/ here if anyone want to archieve it . --
poke	However , after examining them , Yaohei 's suspicion goes away , but notes `` Max '' looks blue , suspecting he got a cold .
muppet	The Bat Can Bat A Book of True Homonyms is a childrens storybook written and illustrated by Gene Barretta . The book follows a mammalian bat who can wield a baseball bat , and other homonyms .
muppet	The notion of Gonzo , as a character who performs terrible acts but considers them artistic , was devised by Jerry Juhl . As Dave Goelz recalled , the character might have been forgotten were it not for Jack Burns , the shows original head writer , who during an early meeting suggested Gonzo perform `` these crazy acts like eating a tire to Flight of the Bumblebee ! '' So , in Episode 101 Juliet the shows first episode , Gonzo did exactly that , and the character grew from there .
poke	Ash wonders what the competition looks like , but Max is being knocked out by a Whismur .
muppet	People misremember Herry Monsters name all the time , and its possible that people who are searching for him end up on this page instead . I just added this note at the top For the furry blue monster , see Herry Monster .
muppet	I got a kick out of you finding a Charo connection , and I got a big kick out of the fact that My Two Dads , Doogie Howser , M.D. , and Rescue 911 are now on the wiki
starwars	Skywalker was determined to stay on the world for the rendezvous despite the danger , but Shire had other ideas .
poke	On May 28 , 2010 , the company announced that New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) trading in its common stock would be suspended prior to the opening of trading on Tuesday , June 1 , 2010 , thus effectively delisting the company from the New York Stock Exchange .
muppet	The series prompted a short-lived spinoff in Little Muppet Monsters , several Babies storybooks for young readers , a Babies Live series of live stage shows , and a Muppet Babies rebooted series in 2018 .
poke	At the lake , James drinks the water from the lake , but wonders about Jessie and Meowth , who raise their heads up , having extended red lips , since they ate the spicy Tamato Berry .
muppet	Which UK Muppet Annual is this picture from ? --
muppet	Hey , Ken , I really hate to bring this up , and I know it doesnt help to point it out and complain about it . But , can an administrator , like you , PLEASE block Jermboy45 from editing this site ? Hes been contributing for nearly seven months under his previous accounts about Hi-Tops Video and Lyrick Studios producing Sesame Street on video , which keeps ending up being reverted for being untrue or mixed-up and it seems like its just not working out . Again , Im sorry to complain , but I just think hes gone on for TOO long and I feel like something has to be done about it ! -- Max
starwars	Williams 's son , Joseph Williams , chose a musical career like his father .
starwars	Deeper into the city , Pre Vizsla 's lieutenant and the Death Watch 's Sergeant at Arms , Bo-Katan , engaged the foot soldiers of the Shadow Collective alongside her personal unit , the Nite Owls .
muppet	Im going to bed
poke	The woman tells them not to think of it and asks of Calista to have Baltoy use Rapid Spin in the center of the wheel to show them what is the most valuable treasure of all .
muppet	Granny Cantilever is an elderly Doozer who appeared in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 208 All Work and All All Work and All Play . '' She is the grandmother of Cotterpin Doozer and mother of Wingnut Doozer .
poke	The spheres , created by Hidden Power , bounce off from the icy spheres and fall onto Girafarig , immediately defeating it .
starwars	Following the meeting , Hera retreated to a separate room with Chopper and Ezra .
starwars	The conflict with the Separatists helped to greatly expand the chancellor 's authority with additional wartime powers , resulting in the marginalization of the Senate as Palpatine became dictator in all but name .
starwars	Leia and her team managed to escape the Sibensko base with the help of her husband Han Solo .
poke	May thanks Drew , who points out the battle will continue in an actual Contest , claiming if May can even pass the preliminary round .
muppet	An instrumental version of `` After Youve Gone '' is performed as the UK Spots in the Orchestra orchestra pit .
starwars	However , unlike the protective suits worn by normal troopers , the commanders wore a specialized variant that was equipped with a built-in shield generator which was impervious to many attacks , including certain Force offensive techniques , but was highly vulnerable to lightsaber strikes .
poke	May and Brock read brochures about Rustboro City , seeing the place has many shops .
poke	Skitty felt better the day after , which inspired Abby to join Moss as the doctor 's apprentice , learning about the massage and pressure points .
starwars	Similarly , Teek used flames to scare off Terak 's blurrgs and stole a guard 's uniform in Terak 's Keep .
poke	Sandshrew then has a battle with two of Team Rocket 's Pokémon , Koffing and Ekans .
poke	The inventor goes in a room , admitting Kennedy is still following him around and gives his scientists the PokéNav for repairs .
poke	Jessica is annoyed and has Dustox use Psybeam , but Meowth can not empower the attack with rainbow colors .
muppet	Can anyone get a quote from when Steve Whitmire talked about the Americas Got Talent recast on The MuppetCast ? I recall his also briefly described the studios current position on the issue of recasting too . --
muppet	There are cite tags on some of the international characters that I couldnt find .
muppet	An unnamed Big Time Producer writes a letter to Eliot Shag in the Dog City Dog City episode `` Episode 109 Ya Got ta Have Ya Got ta Have Hart , '' proposing they make Ace Hart The Movie .
muppet	Im a little confused . Was Caponata just the name of a female Big Bird on the Spanish Sesame Street ? The article is worded very strangely . --
poke	May brings her Torchic to the fight , tackling the Seviper and using Ember to set Venomoth and Beautifly free .
poke	Everyone sees Snorunt still has the prankster personality ; Snorunt thinks that was funny , so Ash tells it should n't do stuff like that .
starwars	These were especially deadly since they could fool pilots into thinking they had evaded the rocket , only for it to home in on them for the kill .
muppet	Viking Press published the book on December 26 , 2008 .
muppet	2483A Big Bird welcomes the viewers to Maria
poke	Romeo releases four Volbeat and has them practice with the Volbeat with the red ribbon .
starwars	Spinner also freed the ancient Sith Lord Remulus Dreypa from his oubliette .
starwars	Wolves and a Door
starwars	During 1 ABY the members of the Black Sun realized that due to recent advances in their armor forges within the Death Watch Bunker , a unique business opportunity presented itself where the Black Sun could create and distribute different types of battle armor to both the Galactic Empire and the Rebellion by ensuring each armor type appeared distinctly different .
poke	Max wonders if she should give battling advice to Savannah , but she points out Savannah has some experience .
muppet	I have found pictures of some of the Japanese Sesame Street merchandise that I have posted . I was wondering if it is possible to post the pictures or not
poke	Jessie claims the appearance was fine , but the acting was wrong , so has Meowth disguised as Spinda and tied up .
starwars	The group of pilots Sonogari mingled with then traveled through a garden telling stories of Riot Squadron 's past endeavours .
starwars	The clone army 's development had proceeded according to schedule as the Separatist Crisis entered its final days .
muppet	Shown at USJs Cinema 4-D Theater in the Hollywood area . The same theater also houses another 4-D attraction , Shreks 4-D Adventure . .
muppet	You know , I thought I heard Dan
poke	He states the only time Absol goes to the villages if something is really important to foreshadow .
starwars	As an option , the player characters may bargain with Jimi and his crew for other possessions or for parts to fix their ship should it require such care .
starwars	Protein pellet
poke	Ash and Professor Cozmo make a plan to stop Team Magma 's plan and set it into action .
muppet	ETA Scott wrote while I was typing my response . If reliable/confirmed info on the filmmakers is found , our usual approach is to create a page for them and cover relevant shorts there .
starwars	In his broadcasts , Goodvalor claimed to be the captain of a massive new Republic warship called the `` Serroco '' and urged the Mandalorians to surrender .
starwars	The vehicle 's curved seat allowed Darth Maul to leap from the vehicle by just rocking forward , allowing him to enter into combat immediately and take his enemy by surprise .
starwars	The Fan Master was the Twi'lek responsible for maintaining the giant air entry ducts and fan housings in the city of Kala'uun on Ryloth .
poke	The Gulpin are headed for the town 's center , with Team Rocket following them .
starwars	Sidious wanted to provoke Luke 's anger by having the Imperial Navy engage the Rebel fleet , thus putting his friends ' lives at risk , and ordering Vader to attack him personally .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Trigg page .
muppet	In the mid-1980s , NASA approached Childrens Television Workshop in the interest of getting `` the children of America to be more interested in the space program '' .
poke	Makuhita is a bit hurt from the wave , but Ash is not giving up from the fight , as he comes out from the sand .
starwars	A version of pong was available to Subject 1157 inside his cloning tank to test his reflexes .
starwars	He told the woman that she was required to answer by order of the governor .
starwars	Since the end of the Second Galactic Civil War , Alliance Chief of State Natasi Daala had spread a wide sentiment of anti-Jediism , convinced that the Jedi were no better than the Sith .
muppet	Here , have Sabine Falkenberg on Tatort just because .
starwars	During their talk , Rhayme convinced him that she was trustworthy by handing over Ventress , even though she kept her lightsaber , and made Jiro send most of his men on a wild caranak chase .
starwars	When members of the Alliance to Restore the Republic visited his world he agreed to provide the alliance with the worlds resources .
muppet	Hi , Scott ! I was wondering why you reverted the album pages that I moved . I did that because those were cases where were going to have songs and albums with the same title . --
starwars	Among these students were Voe , Tai , and Hennix .
poke	Everyone eats what Brock made for lunch , who tells they can eat as much as they want to .
muppet	The song was later resung in a modified form by Gobo Fraggle Gobo and Uncle Traveling Matt Uncle Traveling Matt in the Fraggle Rock Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 107 Ambassador Gorg / Homebody Homebody Matt '' when Gobo tries to help Uncle Traveling Matt remember that he is an explorer .
muppet	Does anyone have any information about this song ?
starwars	Menndo was later provided an entry in the 2008 `` The Complete Star Wars Encyclopedia '' based on the character 's original biographical information from `` Star Wars : Rebellion '' in-game encyclopedia .
starwars	' ( 1987 ) parodies `` Star Wars '' and some other science-fiction works .
starwars	Yoda approached and confronted him , saying that if he did not take Obi-Wan as a Padawan , Obi-Wan 's dreams would die .
starwars	Lyra , a human female who would go on to marry Erso and bear his child , served as their guide .
poke	May explains she wants to be a Pokémon Coordinator ; at first , she wanted to travel , and being a trainer was a good excuse .
poke	Shane explains the PokéRinger is a competition where a trainer with a Pokémon that can fly can compete .
muppet	It seems odd that there would be two salesman segments in the same episode involving Ernie
muppet	Are they doing work on Wiki ? Last night it keep going down for me , and today I can not use the search feature . -- Nate Radionate 0842 , 5 April 2006
muppet	Im a long time Muppet fan that has no clue how to edit a wiki and is trying to teach himself . Apologies in advance for any failures on my part ! I mean well ! )
muppet	Wow . What a great find ! --
starwars	Along with Han , Chewbacca formed a coalition of smugglers for a last-ditch attack against the Empire , while Leia held the Alliance together and prepared for the birth of her Jedi twins .
poke	The boys states Ash ca n't just waltz into the Gym and challenge Norman , even if Brock reminds them the rules allow any trainer to challenge any Gym .
poke	Pikachu quickly uses Iron Tail on Seaking , while Sealeo used Aurora Beam , but misses .
muppet	File5 Days Until the Christmas Concert - Countdown with the Count and Ryan 5 Days Until the Christmas Concert - Countdown with the Count and Ryan Murphy
starwars	Palpatine 's lightsaber , as well as the armor of the dark troopers , were also made of phrik .
starwars	Unable to use the Force to move the Yuuzhan Vong , Solo was held underwater until he passed out .
poke	May comes to the balloon and takes her Wurmple back , while Jessie sends Seviper to steal back May 's Wurmple .
starwars	Convinced she would be punished by her superiors regardless of winning or losing the fight , she defected to the Alliance , turning herself over to the 61st Mobile Infantry , also known as `` Twilight Company . ''
muppet	He has also made occasional cameo appearances in other Henson projects , including The Muppets Take Manhattan , Muppets Tonight , and The Muppets A Celebration of 30 Years . His latest appearance was a brief , non-speaking cameo in the 2002 TV-movie Its a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie . Beauregard also starred in a book , Bo Saves the Show .
starwars	Before the Battle of Endor , the map of the Moddell sector and the accompanying reports were archived in `` The Rebel Files '' , a central data archive that contained secret rebel documents and reports .
poke	Evelyn tries to make contact , so Adam finally responds , as the group goes to Evelyn 's boat .
poke	James hopes to be promoted , Jessie to become a movie or fashion star and Meowth to have some fast food , after they exercised .
starwars	They were often supported by agents known as Fulcrum , including Commander Ahsoka Tano .
poke	Max spots a Slaking as well , recalling Norman had trouble raising one , but Kenny knows it is amazing when Slaking is in battle .
muppet	The following is a list of Muppet Mentions made in movies outside of the The Jim Henson Henson/Sesame Sesame fold , all of which are too brief or minor to constitute having their own page in the Movie Mentions category . See also Minor TV Mentions and Documentary Mentions .
poke	Millie guides the heroes inside the building , telling them they are researching natural disasters .
poke	Elisa warns them the holes underneath are entrances to a cavern labyrinth full of Trapinch .
starwars	Tremayne realized that he would have to act quickly to keep his failure hidden from Vader , and planned to visit Director Armand Isard of Imperial Intelligence with Pasiq the next day , with the intent of using Intelligence 's resources to scour the planetary media and surveillance networks for any trace of Sonta .
poke	The heroes continue the search and Max found some tracks , but Royce does not believe these are heart-marked Spinda 's tracks .
starwars	After Vaylin returned to Zakuul , the Sanitarium fell into disuse , though the Nathema Zealots remained .
muppet	We have two pages -- this one and Tom Hanks -- that seem to exist solely because of this photo that we dont know what its from . Its a great picture , but do we need two pages for it ? --
starwars	Grey was adept at Force healing , and even on the brink of his death he managed to concentrate and heal X2 .
starwars	Dire-cats were covered in golden , bristly fur , had red eyes , and the skin of their noses were colored black .
poke	Ash receives his healed Pokémon back , but May warns Ash the trainers , who fought Pelipper , lost and had to give their own Pokémon .
muppet	Hey , Paul , can you hold off on creating any more pages for translated Sesamstraat songs ?
starwars	Momaw Nadon , an Ithorian , resides on Tatooine after being exiled from his home planet , Ithor , for revealing Ithorian gardening secrets to Alima , albeit under threat of torture .
poke	Erica tells her Joshua and her have known each other for a really long time , thinking they are meant for each other .
muppet	Stephanie DAbruzzo ; Baby Bears little sister Curly Bear ; and Prairie Dawn beginning with Season 46 season 46 .
poke	Absol dodged , but landed on edge and fell down , but Gordon saved it by swinging on a rope .
starwars	Sienar Army Systems never achieved the prestige or renown of the Sienar Fleet Systems , and would go down in history as a failure , despite its production of the TIE Crawler used in the Empire 's reconquest of Coruscant .
starwars	They were typically deployed for combat in massed units that lacked the initiative and versatility of real soldiers , relying instead on sheer numbers to overwhelm opposition , although elite droids like B2 super battle droids and droidekas were both numerous and relatively intelligent .
poke	After Maxie explained his goals , Team Aqua 's Shelly frees Kyogre and reports to her leader .
poke	However , May corrects herself and orders to use Gust , but then orders String Shot .
muppet	We miss you ! --
poke	They spot more and Brock believes they are performing their love dance , a sign of affection from a male to impress female Donphan .
poke	A man , who has spied on the heroes , enters and wondering where is the man who worked here before .
starwars	Seconds later , Raddus received a transmission from Bodhi Rook on the surface of Scarif informing him that they found the Death Star plans , but that the shield had to be taken down in order for them to be able to transmit the schematics .
muppet	Kelly sang the song on The Muppet Show as part of the closing medley on Episode 501 Gene episode 501 . Rowlf the Rowlf at the piano is trying to convince Gene to sing `` Singin in the Rain '' , but Gene keeps turning the familiar intro into different well-known songs , such as this one .
starwars	Sammy Hayman portrayed a spaceport father in `` '' .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Jbrangwynne53 Talk ) 1158 , August 17 , 2011
muppet	I havent talked to you in a while . That red Treasury cover came out cool , huh ? Was that the only cover , or did the individual LPs also have covers ? Was there anything interesting on the back of the red cover ? Thanks for putting it up ! --
poke	One Mudkip falls into water and the current leads to the Waterfall , so Lotad goes to help it .
muppet	I started Henson Alternative , but could you help me out on improving the pages . Ive got a bit of a rough start . Rankin
poke	Loudred uses Earthquake , but Treecko jumps and uses Pound , knocking Loudred out on a tree , who stands up .
poke	Swampy accidentally tells Mudkip are rare and that if the dam were to break , the Mudkip would be washed off into the river .
starwars	It was notorious for its erratic publication schedule .
muppet	In the story , Star White asks her mirror whos the best looking person in the world . The mirror claims that he doesnt know , having not seen everyone in the world . So , the mirror looks at different kids who enter the room and comes up with a definitive answer `` Everybody is good-looking in their own way . '' Star White continues to fish for compliments by asking whos the fastest person and starts running around the room .
poke	Nurse Joy asks when it will be repaired and is assured it will be done soon enough .
poke	James continues on , stating he fell in love with a Chimecho , who had a soft voice .
muppet	Hi , Ken ! I just put up pictures for Fraggle Rock
starwars	While the surface cannon was reloading , his damaged ship was immediately attacked by old `` Nimbus '' -class V-wing starfighters but they were easily repelled by the more modern A-wings .
poke	There they met Juan , who is not only the Gym Leader but a Grand Festival winner as well .
poke	Corphish attacks with BubbleBeam , though Armaldo counters with Water Gun , defeating it .
poke	Max asks if Steven could find his friends , so Steven suspects they are the ones that angered Aron and woke them up .
starwars	They both entered an ice cave that held an injured modrol , and Kleck barely escaped with his life .
muppet	This category only has one page , and theres only one other possibility for an entry -- `` A Salute to All Nations
poke	The heroes introduce themselves , but Nicholai is more interested in May and Max , believing them to be Knickerbockers - the people who wear shorts and expose knees to nature .
starwars	Two spin-off magazines were launched during the first run , `` Star Wars Komiks - wydanie specjalne '' ( `` Star Wars Comic - special edition '' ) in 2009 and `` Star Wars Komiks Extra '' in 2010 .
poke	While Brock is gathering wood for the fire , but notices something odd , even seeing Shroomish , Seedot and Zigzagoon leave the forest .
muppet	Hey , just another FYI Posting a request for a copy of a show isnt appropriate for the wiki . If we allowed that , then pretty soon the whole wiki would be full of people asking for a copy of a show , or a book , or whatever . It would get messy . For that particular special , Scott and I were the ones who added that information . We saw it at the Museum of Television and Radio -- so if youre ever in New York or LA , you can see it there !
starwars	A frying pan was a cooking device used across the galaxy .
muppet	Final paper season is here , and busy trying to scratch out six more pages , but taking a Wiki break , I noticed this passage `` Baby Bear confronts her , and convinces her that hes not a little baby anymore . Finally seeing her grandson as the big boy that hes become , Grandmama Bear takes him bowling . '' Thats hilarious . I love the logic of that . And adding to the wacky relatives , heres the unseen Uncle Stan from Dinosaurs . One of these days , as long as we have a half a dozen relative pages , I need to add in the various dino relatives . --
poke	James again points out that it is a Cascoon which evolves into Dustox and he and Meowth imagine being scolded by Jessie when that moment happens .
muppet	My recommendation is that we just do Jim and Richard because they established the characters and have a link to `` more '' .
muppet	On the recent episode of The MuppetCast , somebody mentioned that `` World Without Music '' and `` 123 Sesame Street 123 Sesame Street '' are no longer on the site . The page for `` 123 Sesame Street '' has a link to that clip on the site , and when I clicked on it , it said `` null '' , as no clip appeared . Should we just remove these clips , or put some notes on their removal , or maybe put a strike through them ? I didnt check for `` World Without Music '' . -- User Minor muppetz 1515 , 28 April 2009
muppet	In honor of guest star Vincent Price , the show is filled with monsters , ghosts , bats , vampires and spooky situations . A three-headed monster auditions for the show `` We sing ! '' `` No , we dance ! '' `` No , we tell jokes ! ''
poke	Ash is worried , but Max believes May would come back when she feels hungry , while Brock thinks this would be a good experience for her as a trainer .
poke	The heroes are leaving , but quite fast as the Camerupt starts becoming angry once again to use Eruption .
poke	Pikachu , however , has hit his head and suffers from amnesia and is found by Meowth .
muppet	Hi guys -- Were trying out a new Related Videos module in the right rail . Wikia is working on figuring out how to encourage more video content on the site , and this is a first-draft experimental feature . We can populate the module with whatever videos we want to feature -- admins can add videos to the list on MediaWiki . If you have thoughts about the feature , please post them -- the video team wants more feedback ! --
starwars	The Empress ordered the a host of her Horizon Guard to wait outside and ventured in , reaching the habitat in which Jarak kept his twisted experiments .
poke	While Brock , Ash and May are searching for Max , Ash sends Taillow to search from the sky .
muppet	Calloway left the show in 1989 ; according to a spokeswoman for the Childrens Television Workshop , he had retired for medical reasons , and his character was written out .
muppet	Please respond so that we know you understand . Thanks !
starwars	She made her living as a merchant selling starship parts in the Olaris Spaceport on the world of Taris .
starwars	The senators were saved by Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker .
poke	Pikachu uses Iron Tail on the ground , banishing the illusions and revealing the true Snorunt .
starwars	The Ewoks worshiped a massive pantheon of gods and spirits , including the following :
poke	Juan also tells May in Pacifidlog Town is also a Contest , where May hopes to get her final ribbon .
muppet	`` She Was One of the Early Birds '' is a British Music Hall song popularized by George Beauchamp . This comic song about an unsuccessful romance begins with the memorable phrase `` She was a dear little dickie bird , '' and was sung by Gonzo for the UK Spots ( The Muppet UK Spot in Episode 302 Leo episode 302 of The Muppet Show . The role of the dickie bird was played by the Canary .
starwars	Wicket cut Chirpa free , and after the chief took care of his Dulok captors , the Ewoks returned to their Hallowe'een party and had a great feast .
starwars	In the last decades of the Galactic Republic , the Sith Master Darth Plagueis tutored an apprentice in the ways of the Sith .
starwars	When the Shistavanen Blik landed the Z-95 Headhunter `` Ku'Amo '' in Joventusek on Caarimon , Flib went and played around the ship , along with a group of other Caarite children .
poke	Mr. Big takes them to his shop , promising he has something they could be interested in .
muppet	Whats the instrument called that Janice is playing at their `` gig '' in The Muppets Take Manhattan ? The kind of portable harp-like glockenspiel thats usually played in a marching band ? Clifford played it too in The Muppets At Walt Disney World . -- Jog 0844 , 3 March 2006 Jog
starwars	Meanwhile , R2-D2 managed to reactivate it , first sending it down and forcing Anakin to hang onto a ledge , but then correcting its direction to up at the urgent request of Kenobi .
starwars	02 # 28-Mace Windu ( Geonosian Rescue )
starwars	The Nebula Elite was an exclusive squadron of top-ranking starfighter pilots serving the Nebula Front 's militant wing .
poke	The robot goes away , though Jimmy climbs up the robot and tries to break the casings with a rock .
muppet	The Hollywood Palace - March 19 , 1966 - Robert Goulet and the Muppet performers
muppet	Cookie Monster has a riddle what do you get when you have one cookie between two cookies ? A cookie sandwich !
poke	May is shocked to hear that she wo n't win simply because Erica and Joshua trained so long .
muppet	Ramona was Solomon the Greats lovely assistant . She appeared in the Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 211 Switched at Switched at Birth . ''
muppet	File_Street_ '' Fun_Fun_Elmo , '' _Episode_15_|Episode 15
poke	Max notices the Pidgeotto flying , while Brock thinks they are symbol of Shelgon 's dream to fly one day with its own wings .
muppet	Hey ! Quick question . Playbill recently announced the confirmed cast list of the Emmet Otter stage show . Matthew Furtado is a swing and one other was in the film The Producers , but otherwise nobody has any connections . Still , it fits our very basic definition for stage show performers
starwars	Skirmish on Saleucami
starwars	Salm was promoted to general for his role in the operation .
muppet	Two alternate versions of the video exist one featuring a `` story '' frame of Piggy and Kermit previewing the video , with John Landis as the director and Fran Drescher as a record executive , and a UK-version in which some of the US-American celebrities were replaced with British celebs .
starwars	At some point , he and his partner Bim Gizzo attempted to plant a datacard belonging to their employer 's rival , Industrial Automaton , onto a patron at the cantina the Sleeping Rancor .
poke	Birch sees the soil has many nutrients for the Seedot , who are happy in this forest .
muppet	The American Archive of Public Broadcasting is a collaboration between the Library of Congress and the WGBH Educational Foundation , founded through efforts made by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting . According to its mission statement , AAPB `` seeks to preserve and make accessible significant historical content created by public media , and to coordinate a national effort to save at-risk public media before its content is lost to posterity . ''
muppet	File the Frog - BMW Commercial 2
poke	May sends her Torchic out , but as she thinking which move to order , Arbok knocks Torchic out .
poke	The heroes introduce themselves , while Alanna explains the host , the King of Tricks , will explain everything .
starwars	A classmate of the Devaronian Pollo Tipn , Herg had a arrogant personality and was prone to badgering Tipn with sarcastic remarks .
muppet	Warner Bros. , a movie studio owned by the conglomerate WarnerMedia , released Follow That Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird and The Witches . It released Where the Wild Things Are , which includes Jim Henson Creature Shop effects .
muppet	Ray Gherkin appeared in the Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 408 Scent of a Scent of a Reptile '' . Ray is a lumbering rube and the school janitor at Bob LaBrea High School . He falls in love with Charlene Charlene , attracted by her scent -- which indicates theyre destined to marry .
muppet	After looking around , it seems that this series is going to be hardcover-only in the US , or at least thats what I can gather from comparing the US and UK Amazons . The paperback is only sold new on the UK site , and while its listed on the US site , it only shows 2 copies , and theyre both being sold by third-party UK booksellers . Plus I kind of suspected it since the paperback publisher has a `` Ltd. '' in their name , which usually indicates a British company , instead of an `` Inc. '' , which usually means US . So Im just putting this here for clarification , and if we get a paperback edition , Ill change it again . --
starwars	ST-W48 blaster rifles first appeared in the update for `` Star Wars Battlefront II '' .
poke	Nosepass uses Thunder Wave , but Pikachu dodges ; in the same moment , James has dug through , so Team Rocket is the target of Thunder Wave and blast off .
muppet	Wilkins and Wontkins are standing near the Washington , Washington Monument
poke	They spot that a Lotad ca n't use Water Gun effectively and once everyone stops , the lone Lotad still tries to use Water Gun .
starwars	There was a hyperdrive , a navigation computer , a deflector shield generator , and a full life support system , which had not been standard on most earlier TIEs , plus sophisticated stealth countermeasures .
starwars	Bohdi asks the ground troops to find a master switch so he can communicate with the fleet by interfacing with the communications tower .
poke	Ash and Pikachu are determined to fight the Mossdeep City 's Gym Leader for the seventh badge .
poke	However , the Combusken , locked inside a room , tries to get out , but Ash claims it is just the wind .
muppet	The original link was http//blog.beliefnet.com/moviemom/2012/05/sesame-streets-new-season-an-elmo-musical-and-more.html here but I found a more complete copy than the livejournal link at http//www.fanforum.com/f383/jeannie-van-der-hooven % 7C-kristen-bell-2-because-she-s * * * ticus-63057527/index2.html # post63345017 this forum which I have reproduced here .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-03-12T235403
muppet	Cookie Monsters Letter Lunch is a 2010 Sesame Street Play-Doh playset made by Hasbro .
starwars	Fans of the `` Star Wars '' movies and fans of live theater enjoyed an exceptional show each time the energetic Charles Ross performed `` The One Man Star Wars Trilogy '' .
muppet	An actor , voice actor , and director , she is accomplished as a dubbing director . She has overseen the dubbing of two Scooby-Doo television seasons , four Scooby movies , two seasons of Fantastic Four , the first 26 episodes of Dexters Labratory , and series like Eerie , Indiana The Other Dimension , Charlie and Lola , Ni Hao Kai Lan .
muppet	Also , Andy and Randy Pig are already covered on the Pigs article , so thanks for that .
muppet	Late at night , a tired Linda bemoans her lousy life and entertains her dreams of running away to `` live in liberty . '' Suddenly , Linda slips and nearly falls from a window , but luckily she is saved by lowly lackey Louis of Lisbon . The two take a liking to each other as Linda tells Louis of her situation , and he devises a plan with a lute , Linda sings Ludwig a Brahms `` la '' -laden lullaby , and when he falls asleep , Louis ties the cruel uncle up with his lasso and locks him in the dungeon . Linda assumes the two will be married now , but Louis is already married to Lavinia of Larchmont . He instead sets Linda up with his brother , Lloyd of London .
poke	The suitcase opens and the stone falls on ground , spliting into two pieces , one being significantly bigger than the other .
poke	Pikachu attacks Solrock with Iron Tail and Swellow Aerial Ace on Lunatone , defeating both Pokémon instantly .
muppet	Im parking this image here as an example of just how big of a puppet Louie is . Elmos Potty Time is the first time hes been seen next to a human for size comparison . Presumably he was built that large for Sesame Beginnings as the baby puppets coupld only be so small . —
poke	Sableye gives Meowth food , but when Meowth bites , he realizes it is a rock , making Sableye laugh .
starwars	The Trap ( article )
muppet	Mission Impossible is a television series which aired on CBS from 1966 to 1973 . During the writers strike of 1988 , old scripts were reshot with a new cast for a series which aired on ABC until 1990 . A series of four popular movies starring Tom Cruise were released from 1996 to 2018 . Both the TV and movie series have been referenced by the Muppets .
poke	Swellow goes to use Aerial Ace on Lunatone , but Solrock protects Lunatone , using Sandstorm to wound Swellow .
muppet	So ... theres inflation of the first few weeks of box office grosses ? Really ? They can calculate inflation down to the week
muppet	Why does this page go in circles ? --
poke	Nicholai sends his Mudkip out to fight and dresses as a Mudkip ( startling everyone ) , while May brings her Torchic out .
poke	The woman asks May is she 's going to enter the Contest as well , which she also confirms .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- JParanoid Talk ) 0721 , September 30 , 2010
poke	The heroes arrives to the Pokémon Center , where Max pulls Brock for flirting with Nurse Joy .
poke	As May and Franklin are climbing the mountain , Franklin mentions being one of the rangers , since he knows the area .
poke	Claire knows the heart-marked Spinda wanted to return here , who gives Claire a flower .
starwars	It was present on Tatooine in 4.5 ABY , at the Galactic Civil War , and at the evacuation of Ciutric .
poke	As they have a break , May states she ca n't wait to show her parents that she got two Pokémon and two ribbons .
muppet	I think that the individual Deena and Pearl pages should be merged with this , and maybe the `` sketches '' part of the title should be removed . Any thoughts ? -- User Minor muppetz 0322 , 5 January 2009
poke	May is quite happy , but wishes to battle against Drew , as she remembers her last encounter against him .
muppet	The story was supposed to go into The Wisdom of Big Spinneys book , but was cut . Spinney talked about it when doing personal appearances promoting the book . According to http//www.toughpigs.com/forumbam01.htm a ToughPigs article
starwars	While the Jedi were thus occupied , Sundown 's elite cadre abducted Nella and left .
poke	Old Man Obee explains to Max and Brock the Grass Pokémon were hunted by men , so they became enraged .
poke	Ash and May apologize to each other for the way they have been acting , thinking they should 've trusted each other more to win the battle against Oscar and Andi .
muppet	He played the title puppet on the Canadian web series http//www.youtube.com/user/livingwithlarry Living with Larry .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1819 , October 15 , 2009
muppet	Hi Danny Im having a bit of a disagreement with Scott and Andrew over how to cite the reference to Charlie McCarthy by Gilchrist on the Charlie McCarthy page . Here is the message I left on Scotts page , the last to edit the McCarthy page .
muppet	Happy Solstice !
starwars	Using the Force , Veila flung one of the ( now unconscious ) troopers ' blasters at Leia 's back .
muppet	I appreciate your time . Ill check in in another few weeks when it comes up in the queue again . Thank you .
starwars	The first of these installments , `` Invasion 0 , Part 1 '' , was released on May 8 , and introduced Panha and her companion Sarkkin .
starwars	In addition , a number of statistics were released : as of November 2014 , over 57 million characters have been created in `` The Old Republic '' —17 million of which were Jedi—with 1 million active players and 1,790,161,8666 PvP kills since the game 's launch .
poke	Pikachu uses Quick Attack to come close to Geodude and defeats it using Thunder .
poke	Bulbasaur uses Petal Dance , Beautifly with Silver Wind and Combusken with Fire Spin .
starwars	Unidentified Nightsister ( Dathomir )
muppet	Awww , the picture on Albert Hague is adorable . Thanks for scanning it ! Im gon na learn how to fly . --
muppet	During the late 80s , a video label in Argentina called Ledafilms , released at least three volumes with full-length , Spanish-dubbed episodes of The Muppet Show entitled En El Show De Los Muppets and Muppet Show Special . In 1994 , Jim Henson Video included two episodes on Monster Laughs with Vincent Price , the first home video release of complete Muppet Show episodes in English .
muppet	By 1986 , the Metropolitan Museum was no longer involved , and the special had evolved into a four-hour miniseries called Island of the Lost Muppets , now to be broadcast on CBS . A script was written by Andy Borowitz and Miss Piggys Guide to Life author Henry Beard . The miniseries would have introduced an archaeologist named Dr. B. Bernie Bernhardt-Bernardi and new Muppet characters called the Orangs .
starwars	Vladlun Travan was added to the game with the release of the `` '' , on August 10 , 2009 .
starwars	After Fett unarmed himself , he was saved by both Calrissian 's and Solo 's conscience not allowing them to kill even a bounty hunter in cold blood .
starwars	Juran Reb was a Togruta male living during the Cold War and the husband of Audila .
poke	Flannery sends out her Torkoal , gives it some charcoal , which it eats and spouts out smoke .
muppet	`` This Is My Street '' is a Sesame Street country song performed by Thomas Rhett and the Muppet cast , serving as the anthem for the shows Sesame Street 50th 50th anniversary .
starwars	Dopak was a veteran of the Mandalorian Wars and Jedi Civil War who ended up as a mercenary on Dantooine under the leadership of former elite Sith commando Azkul .
starwars	JR-8 series maintenance droid
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket is astonished , as Team Aqua 's submarine has washed up on the coast .
muppet	Im going to delete this . George created it long ago , it contains no articles , and the text covers `` parenting tips '' on merchandise covers which isnt all that important or relevant to the Wiki anyway . --
poke	The Shroomish uses Stun Spore , though the attack is spreading towards the town .
poke	The girl comes to them and tells them Baltoy use Confusion that they create zero gravity .
poke	The children tell them what happened to the blue pearl and point where the Clamperl is .
poke	Ash and Max think Cacnea 's defeated , but the Squad begins to cheer for Cacnea .
muppet	If we dont , are there enough for a page , do we think ?
starwars	Chant Osman was a female officer who was a reservist in the Yavin 4 Civilian Defense Force .
muppet	When President Elmos the First First Lady , first The Sheep-ret Sheep-ret Service officer and George First President painting go missing , the Pentagon calls the Oval Office to inform Elmo that theres a problem of the first order all the firsts are being stolen ! He reports theres no leads and that when any information comes , hell be the first to know .
poke	Vivian announces the first Contestant , the Jester ( who is Jessie ) with Meowth .
poke	Meowth thinks if they catch Delcatty and Skitty to the boss , they 'd be promoted in an instant .
muppet	After I added the sketch where Prairie Dawn invites Grover , Herry Monster , and Cookie Monster in Grover Sketches Miscellaneous , I noticed that you put in that this sketches earliest known appearance was in Episode 0272 , but I looked at the history page
muppet	In 1969 , Parkes appeared in the Festival on CBC broadcast of Harold Pinters play The Basement , appearing with a seemingly nude Belinda Montgomery . The broadcast stirred controversy in Canada .
starwars	After Erskin warned them that the Empire was trying to intercept any ship leaving the system , Hera decided they would travel through the dangerous Archeon pass .
muppet	I know Danny moved this once , but I feel we should move it back to the original title . Using the LPs as a precedent , we redirect title changes back to the original version , and then deal with things like title changes and song changes between the LP and CD versions , or in this case , content changes between the VHS and DVD versions . Does that make sense ? --
starwars	Because of that , Goodson 's ensuing vocal performance was inspired by the late actress , who notably took part in various classic-era horror movies .
starwars	Over the following decades , cruisers became faster , with more speed but less armor than a battleship .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the /Name That Puppet page .
starwars	Commander Darron accelerated deeper into the system , but salvos from the `` Moonshadow '' and `` Swift Liberty '' overloaded both the starboard and aft shields .
muppet	Ive added it to the page , but heres the http//cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll ? ViewItem
poke	Beautifly and Masquerain use Silver Wind , hitting Team Rocket and their Pokémon and blasting them off .
starwars	Onboard the Star Destroyer , Captain Slavin was informed that there were rebels onboard the freighter , and ordered a boarding party sent to secure the crystal .
starwars	Jinn contacted Kenobi , urging him to trust his instincts .
poke	The owner apologizes for the disturbance , as her Medicham has accidentally unleashed psychic powers .
muppet	The trio appeared on The Muppet Show in Episode 520 Wally episode 520 , where they sang `` Danny Boy . ''
muppet	In the second season Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 210 The Great Muppet Cartoon The Great Muppet Cartoon Show , '' Flip the Frog footage from the 1932 short Funny Face appears during the song montage `` We Love Cartoons . ''
poke	The hose is about to suck the Illumise and Volbeat , but Pikachu 's Thunderbolt disables it .
poke	They had one day Baltoy use Confusion , which lifted them in midair and thus , they started battling this way .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2010-12-19T124705
poke	Hal reminds her there was a time Elisa had believed in the story , too , but Elisa claimed she was five back then .
starwars	He also hoped to capture the yards and destroy the belief that Thrawn was infallible in one attack , and New Republic assembled a fleet from all over the galaxy , withdrawing individual vessels and reshaping battle groups to provide the vessels .
muppet	haSeret Elmo is the Hebrew dub of The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland . The movie was a direct-to-video release in Israel , distributed only on VHS in 2001 .
starwars	The realization that the younger Marek could prove useful to the Sith caused Vader to spare the boy 's life , although he swiftly killed Marek 's father , as well as a few nearby troopers in order to ensure that his discovery remained a secret .
poke	She explains that an earthquake happened , collapsing a part of a wall onto the machine , burying the woman 's Baltoy underneath .
poke	After earning the Dynamo Badge from Wattson , Ash and co. continue their journey .
poke	Ash and Pikachu rush off to congratulate Treecko , but Pikachu is being taken by Team Rocket .
muppet	In later years , the California theater had housed several temporary sneak peek screenings for new The Walt Disney Disney 3D releases , including Tron Legacy . Muppet * Vision 3D ’ s last day of regular operation in the California location was November 1 , 2014 .
starwars	After the meeting , several of the Masters came together to discuss what just occurred .
starwars	Like the rest of her family , she was a follower of the Religion of the Cosmic Balance that dictated for every good , there had to be an equal bad ( or vice-versa ) , lest the universe fall out of alignment .
muppet	The term `` fuzzy face '' was also used by Herry Monster in reference to Cookie Monster during the Season 2 version of Up and Down and by Floyd Pepper towards Animal in Episode 222 Teresa episode 222 of The Muppet Show .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the ONeil page .
starwars	However , a coloring mistake in the issue resulted in Deliah appearing with human flesh tones rather than deep-pink Zeltron tones , leading readers to ask if the character in Cade 's bed was Marasiah Fel , not Deliah .
poke	Among them is Team Rocket , where James and Meowth argue , since they ca n't hear each other though the chainsaw 's noise .
poke	As Loudred runs off , emitting a loud sound to flinch the heroes , a man comes to stop it , but Loudred pushes him away .
poke	Skitty uses Double Slap , but Seviper attacks with its tail , slamming Skitty away , who lands on Torkoal .
poke	He decides to shake things up a little by using his new Corphish instead of Taillow on a new battlefield .
poke	Everyone is relaxing in the sand , but Ash and Flannery expresses their desire to battle tomorrow .
poke	The Gym assistant appears , by the name of Zachary , telling them that the Gym Leader is in Fortree City for the traditional Feather Carnival .
starwars	`` Even as the Je ’ daii close in on the mysterious Xesh and his mad ally Daegen Lok , a third party has entered the chase—a powerful woman from Xesh 's past . ''
muppet	I would like to point out that the A cover has been changed to include Bean Bunny instead of Robin . It is pictured in the comic book resources preview . -- User Minor muppetz 0318 , September 22 , 2009
poke	Dustox attacks with Poison Sting ( with Meowth activating the remote to enhance the attack ) .
poke	The company changed its name from Leisure Concepts Inc. to 4kids Entertainment Inc. on November 16 , 1995 .
poke	Max tells Shuppet of the fun they had , but hear someone approaching , so they hide .
muppet	It purports to give `` birth dates '' for various Sam and Friends characters . Some of these dates are from before the show began , so presumably theyre actually when the characters were first built . The chronology looks like this
poke	In the Japanese version , when Ash and Pikachu are floating through the river , Ash has flashbacks of his Gym battles with Roxanne and Norman .
poke	May thinks it was cute that Torkoal wanted to save the pearl , which makes Torkoal cry out even more .
muppet	In the episode `` Episode 405 Earls Big Earls Big Jackpot , '' which featured Richfields mother , it was revealed that the initial `` B '' in Richfields name stands for `` Bradley . '' Other known relatives include a nephew and an unseen wife . Richfield recalls the joy he felt when pushing Mother his mother-in-law over a cliff on Hurling Day .
starwars	Accepting Solo 's offer of a ride , Tharen traveled to the Mid Rim world and convinced Rebel leaders there to commit three ships and a hundred troops to the Ylesia raid .
muppet	This season will `` attempt to familiarize children with hospitals and make them less threatening through the situation . '' In episode 1996 , Luis breaks his arm and has to go the emergency room . Computers will continue this season to `` encourage the development of creative writing skills with the keyboard . '' Norman Stiles said , `` As a result of working with computers , we know now that kids can create writing before their motor skills are developed . ''
muppet	`` Brave Alone '' is sung by Wembley Wembley as he faces spending the night in Gobo and Wembleys his room without Gobo Gobo for the first time . The song is performed in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 123 The Beast of Blue The Beast of Blue Rock . ''
muppet	Im still trying to find out if Charo did the Jazz Numbers in Spanish . I can still remember the Spanish soundtrack in my head , because they showed them a lot , and I cant believe none of them have surfaced on iTunes , or any other broadcast , DVD or online presentation . I wish somebody could ask her !
muppet	Cernos is a member of the great council in the 2001 Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop movie Jack and the Beanstalk The Real Story . Cernos is the protector of all the animals and beasts . The stag-headed giant was made from an animatronic jaw and prosthetic , with lip sychronization enhanced digitally in post .
starwars	Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Back ( paperback novel )
starwars	The player can talk to the guard using several dialogue options and can also choose to ignore the guard .
starwars	Because he 'd had few , if any , memory wipes throughout his life , he 'd developed a personality and specific sense of humor .
poke	Rachel sees Team Rocket , with Tate and Max tied up , so she tells Tate and Liza 's father about the problem .
poke	While the heroes follow him , the villagers ask Team Rocket to go as well , but they claim they will catch up with them , being in top shape for climbing .
starwars	In addition , many other worlds were colonized by Grizmallt natives .
muppet	The zebra puppet popped up again in Episode 304 Indian Elephant
poke	Both finalists lost points , though Janet lost less as her Beautifly defended itself from the attack , allowing more points to be deduced from Venomoth .
starwars	Also known as the White Worm Gang , its members included the human scrumrats Han , Qi'ra , and Rebolt , as well as the Grindalid enforcer Moloch .
starwars	When Leed insinuated that he wanted to stay on Senali , Taroon drew up a plan .
poke	Ash , Max , May and Samantha go after Team Rocket , leaving Brock behind to entertain the audience .
starwars	A dangerous destiny summons Jacen Solo .
starwars	Many gunrunners of the Sendavé Shared Interest Collective were from Elkkasinn and Sunin .
poke	Meowth tells Jessie and James it could pop the balloon , so Cancea uses Needle Arm on Linoone .
muppet	Heading into the home stretch . More later . --
poke	May sees other people 's Pokémon , while Brock notes they have to give their best , especially with one month left before the Grand Festival starts .
muppet	The Gorgs Killer Souffle is created when , due to the effects of sneezing , Ma Gorg accidentally adds too much of every ingredient . As the souffle rises it becomes combative with Junior . Junior uses every weapon at his disposal , from brooms to swords before finally defeating it . In a turn of luck the exploded souffle patches the hole in the Gorgs roof , seen in `` Episode 316 The Battle of Leaking The Battle of Leaking Roof . ''
poke	He introduces himself as Vladimir `` the Attacker '' , saying he can teach Pokémon any attack .
poke	Franklin tells Ash they should have a Double Battle , each side having two Pokémon in a fight .
starwars	They had detected and captured Mirax , and she was being kept on Susevfi .
muppet	For you ) --
starwars	The Separatists had a tower in Chaleydonia , capital of the planet Christophsis .
starwars	In the initial landing , 2 Twilight soldiers and a medic drowned after jumping from the dropships .
starwars	He could also repair starfighter weaponry , and program and repair computers .
muppet	Im writing a letter to the editor , thus the questioning . -- Zanimum 1858 , January 15 , 2011
starwars	The Gands evolved on the planet Gand .
starwars	Saluup Fing
poke	While the ladies pay up , Meowth thinks they would even buy the guy 's old socks if they were for sale .
starwars	Lightweight and easily serviced , they were standard issue on TIE Series starfighters , including the TIE/IN interceptor .
muppet	Erykah Badu is a popular Street R
poke	Torchic enters the room , so Max suspects May does care about him , but thinks it is too late now .
starwars	He aided the escape of her and Han and supplied them with the interface codes that controlled the World Devastators on Mon Calamari .
poke	Ash , May and Brock convince Solrock they are n't going to hurt them , so Solrock puts them down .
poke	Once again , in Pokémon Trainer 's Choice , `` Flaaffy '' is misspelled as Flaafy .
muppet	The entry in Jim Hensons Big Red book indicates that Kris
muppet	I think we should know which ones were guiding from MuppetVJs file site , so we dont waste time guiding ones someone else is . Ive dont Episode 3797 and plan on Episode 3902 . - Oscarfan 2200 , 27 December 2008
starwars	A helmsman was a position sometimes held by officers in the Galactic Empire 's navy .
starwars	Despite this setback , Rowan realized that he was Freemaker foremost and came up with a plan to stop Naare .
muppet	On The Jim Henson Hour , he appeared as an All-Dog Network anchor in `` Episode 104 Dog Dog City , '' performed by Jerry Nelson . He would later appear in that episodes spin-off series , Dog City Dog City as Colonel Claghound in `` Episode 204 Of Mutts and Of Mutts and Mayors '' and in `` Episode 307 No Pain , No No Pain , No Brain '' as an exercise coach .
poke	Torchic uses Ember , but Magneton evades and uses Thunderbolt on May and Torchic .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Ready to Read page .
muppet	Do you have a source or were you just assuming they were the same actors listed on the international character pages ?
starwars	He was present with Vel-Kan in the cantina Spanner 's , in the city of Hedrett on Cularin , when the heroes of Cularin visited the bar in about 31 BBY .
starwars	A fourth Imperial influence on space warfare was its increasing resort to superweapons to counteract the Rebels ' stateless strategy .
muppet	Between 1989 and 2000 , she lent her `` neo-thirties '' style to a number of Sesame Street animated inserts , mostly dealing with directional concepts such as `` in and out '' or `` next to '' . Many of these use jazz lyrics and 30s style swing . She also created an animated frog to join Kermit the Kermit for Jimmy Buffetts performance of `` Caribbean Amphibian '' in Elmopalooza . Cruikshank has cited 1995s `` From Your Head '' as her personal favorite piece to work on .
poke	Ash sends Treecko , who dodges Gulpin 's Sludge and uses Bullet Seed , hurting the Gulpin .
muppet	`` Big Bad John '' is a country ballad co-written and originally sung by Jimmy Dean , becoming a No . 1 hit in 1961 . On The Jimmy Dean Show Episode the October 24 , 1963 broadcast of The Jimmy Dean Show , Dean sings it with Rowlf the Rowlf , retitled `` Big Bad Dog '' .
starwars	`` Age of Resistance - Rose Tico '' 1 is the seventh one-shot in the canon comic book anthology series `` '' .
poke	Dustox launches Psybeam , Corphish Bubble Beam , Skitty uses Blizzard and Cacnea attacks with Pin Missile , which attacks everyone .
poke	However , Wobbuffet reflected the attack with Mirror Coat , so Team Rocket is not frozen .
muppet	Thank you . I will put up an article for it as soon as possible . MasterYoshi 1500 , 27 March 2006
muppet	What are your feelings on including items from http//www.nytimes.com/2008/08/17/fashion/weddings/17VOWS.html ? ex=1376712000
starwars	It was worn on the left upper chest though it could be covered by a blast vest .
starwars	Seelos was a remote desert planet in the Kwymar sector of the Outer Rim Territories .
starwars	Some Jedi fought the Empire until their deaths , like Roan Shryne , and those at the Conclave on Kessel .
muppet	The furries have not named yet ? Lol I Always thought they where http//www.wompro.com/catalogue/category1018/c1224/p7173 Pino 1329 , 12 January 2009
poke	Suddenly , Wattson spots a machine with Team Rocket heading to the power plant .
poke	When the Sharpedo go away ( except a lone one ) , Mr. Briney , May and Max pull the rope , setting a wooden fence .
starwars	After premiering at on October 8 , 2015 , the episode aired on October 21 , 2015 on Disney XD .
starwars	When pressed on the question of why some would succeed while others would fail , he said that some of it was luck , but also the quality of the players in combination with the leadership shown .
poke	Despite the battle being over , Solrock spins even more and the air gets hotter .
muppet	Sorry , I wasnt able to take part in this discussion . Whats now the best way to look for plush on the wiki ? Scott
starwars	Orrin was a male Neimoidian ally of the CIS during the Clone Wars .
muppet	For vandalism to Rizzo the Rat -- Danny Toughpigs 1546 , 21 April 2006
starwars	Xiono wanted more eyes on the lookout for the children , so Vozo brought him to the `` Colossus '' engineering room and introduced him to his friends , the Chelidae engineering staff .
starwars	Those carriers of the virus posed no risk of infecting others .
starwars	She understood that she needed to possess the illusion of power instead of real power for her rule to remain stable .
starwars	Back by popular demand , a triumph parade was scheduled to be the high point of those celebrations two days after the decisive battle .
starwars	He chose to make use of his lifelong dream of being a hero to play the role of hero one last time , holding back the Yuuzhan Vong to give Solo time with the World Brain .
starwars	Dengar snatched the briefcase containing Lando 's `` lost treasure '' from Kordi only to have it snatched by Naare , who believed it contained another Kyber Saber crystal .
starwars	Throughout their history , several Omwati exhibited Force-sensitivity , and different Omwati took up various traditions of using the Force , including becoming Jedi and shamans .
muppet	In Episode 406 Linda episode 406 , Wanda returned to the show and rejoined Wayne . The pair have Kermit the Kermit such a guilt trip for having fired them that he rehired them on the spot . Once they started singing , however , Kermit remembered why hed fired them in the first place and once again dispensed with their services . Although Wayne appeared once more on the shows fifth season , this would be Wandas last appearance until the 1980s , when she appeared in the background of Muppets Studios Presents Youre the Director , a View Master video game . However , the Wanda puppet was used as a Whatnot in At The Dance segments as well as a backround puppet throughout the next four years of The Muppet Show . For these , her hair and attire were altered .
muppet	Hey , so long as were dishing out compliments on awesome additions , I meant to tell you how awesome the screenshots are that you added to the FAQ and other MW pages . Theyre so perfect ! -- Scott Scarecroe 1423 , 21 February 2006
muppet	Wontinks is selling coffee in a Communist store , Wilkins , in Russian clothes , enters in
poke	Arbok uses Poison Sting and Weezing uses Sludge , but Pikachu dodges using Quick Attack , knocking them both out .
muppet	Can you delete it ?
muppet	In Episode 124 Episode 124 of The Muppet Show , Gonzo falls in love with Miss Piggy , who is disgusted and annoyed by him . However , Gonzo would break up with her in Episode 209 Madeline Episode 209 when he fell in love with Madeline Kahn . Gonzo had no other romantic feelings for Piggy in any episodes in between . However , in The Muppet Movie , he briefly gets excited by Miss Piggys suggestion of a romantic dinner for two , and Baby Gonzo had a regular crush on Piggy on Muppet Babies . He also tried to get Miss Piggy to dance with him in Episode 217 Julie Episode 217 , but only because he wanted to dance with somebody .
poke	Sunflora uses Razor Leaf , Vileplume Stun Spore and Weepinbell Vine Whip on May , defending the Bulbasaur .
muppet	Hey babe Youre becoming a wiki superstar , so heres another trick for you . When you post a question on a talk page , you can add a `` talk box '' to the article page by adding this template
poke	Jessie asks of Meowth and James to train with her , since Jessie is planning on entering tomorrow 's Contest .
muppet	David Franklin is an Australian actor who played Captain Meelko Braca on Farscape and Farscape The Peacekeeper Wars .
starwars	Darkon III was a planet of the Darkon system , within the Chaama sector , in the Mid Rim region of the galaxy .
muppet	Thanks , Emma -- Im adding it now ) Scott message me )
starwars	Tikal
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 2124 , November 12 , 2010
muppet	Eddie also appears in a sketch with Ernie and Bert Sketches Ernie and Bert at the beach . 0482 } } Eddie accidentally knocks over Berts sand castle while hes sleeping . Ernie points that out to Eddie , and Eddie tells Ernie , in a threatening tone of voice , that hes `` got something '' for Bert . It turns out to be an ice cream cone .
starwars	She then attempted desperately to change their minds against passing the bill , citing that the Separatists would `` offer violence in turn '' and that freedom itself would be at risk , but the session was postponed due to a need to review security measures .
muppet	The Prairie Dogs sing it while they steal a number of items in Episode 402 Crystal episode 402 of The Muppet Show , whilst avoiding arrest from Patrol Bear and Captain Link Hogthrob .
starwars	Etain was able to determine that he was alive even though his brothers could not find a pulse .
poke	Meowth thinks they should wait for someone , but runs to others when they wander off .
starwars	In the zero-gravity conditions of the ethmane corridors on Kr , Bug One fought swarms of the Gorog Killiks until he was disabled by a barrage of electrobolt fire as the team made its way to aid the Skywalkers .
poke	Ash sends Taillow , who uses Peck on the balloon , which falls down , in the hole where the Zigzagoon were digging .
poke	The battle begins , as Skitty goes to tackle Jynx , but is stopped by the latter 's Psychic .
muppet	Hey , man . I figured out what happened with the bot the other day . At some point , the default setting must have been changed so that bots arent hidden from your watchlist . If you check off that option , you wont get the emails anymore . Scott
starwars	New Apsolon system
starwars	However , the 2012 reference guide `` '' directly contradicted this statement , as it established that the Emperor created his first Voice `` after '' Revan attacked the Emperor in 3950 BBY , meaning that the position did not exist when Nyriss mentioned them to Lord Scourge in 3954 BBY .
starwars	The Pride of Thela was a Space Rescue Corps ship , flown by Uldir Lochett until his partner , the Peace Brigade agent Dacholder , tried to betray him to the Yuuzhan Vong .
poke	The villagers apologize to Nicky the rudeness , who thanks Max for he was the first to believe him .
starwars	The UK version includes the comic story `` Return of the Slavers '' , while the US version includes the comic stories `` Ezra 's Vision '' and `` Senate Perspective '' .
starwars	In a turn of events , she accidentally injected herself with bota , and the natural drug opened up the Force in new and powerful ways .
starwars	After the first attack run , General Armitage Hux of the First Order ordered all TIE squadrons to attack .
muppet	Bill
muppet	Part 4 Cookie Monster finally gets off the phone , and then eats it . When Bert calls , Ernie has to talk to him through Cookie Monsters mouth .
poke	Swellow flies down , but only manages to take Wobbuffet 's wig , so Claydol is very angry about that .
starwars	Prior to the Destruction of Alderaan , Mon Mothma proposed an attack on the planet Milvayne , the location of the most important Imperial garrison in the Gyrica system .
starwars	As Cade would later relate to Sazen some seven years later , the price for bringing his Master back from death was high : Cade admitted he `` tapped into all the fear and rage '' within him , and , as he told the Force ghost of Luke Skywalker , he was afraid that the hunger for power he felt that day was `` not a good place for a Skywalker to be '' .
poke	May asks Savannah which Pokémon she will use , so the women agree if she shows her own , May might have her choosing easier .
starwars	Unidentified Taris Holofeed reporter
starwars	Her exploits gave her a reputation as a persistent and resourceful troublemaker , and were funded through means not immediately apparent to others .
poke	Ash promises to find help for Team Rocket and his friends , while Team Rocket is hanging on the end of the rope .
muppet	Was the material on this video original to this title , or were the segments pulled from past episodes ? —
starwars	Horn 's next assignment was to infiltrate Thyferra .
poke	James and Meowth are still not convinced , but the salesman tells them that he has family back home and he changed his ways of trading , which amuses Jessie to get one .
muppet	ETA Actually looking at Nicks also odd Template . Which means a manual cleanup too , sigh .
poke	May 's advice causes Keith and Nancy to take Huntail and Gorebyss into the pool .
starwars	They were well adapted to the dangerous environment of their homeworld , protecting themselves against dangerous lifeforms with their teeth , serpentine coils , and venomous tails .
muppet	Thanks ! I must admit , though , that I just looked at how some of the other pages were created and did a cut and paste job . ) Tutter 0139 , 8 May 2007
poke	Pikachu is freed and jumps on the jetpack , then uses Thunderbolt to blast Team Rocket off .
muppet	By the way , Scott and I are talking to folks about how to turn off all that mess on Recent changes when you create a new page . I think we have an answer , but Scott needs to be the one to do the fix , cause I dont understand it . --
poke	Jynx goes to use Hyper Beam , but Meowth uses the device , transforming himself into Sunflora .
muppet	Are we going to consider this a Muppet album and a cover album ? This looks like the first time that weve ever had a cover album on the label that the Muppets currently belong to . Anybody have any thoughts ? --
starwars	Barmasel was the sixth planet in the Dathomir system located within Quelii sector , on the Outer Rim of the galaxy .
poke	Max is amazed by Bulbasaur 's Petal Dance , so May decides to use it in her next Contest .
starwars	She made a cameo appearance as a General in the Alliance Fleet in the episode `` Trouble on Tibalt , '' which was released on June 17 , 2017 , and more throughout the season , including her being at the Battle of Endor and the subsequent celebration in Bright Tree Village .
poke	So , once again , they plan to steal the Pokémon and take them to boss for promotions .
poke	Wattson and Ash are fired up , since the battle is not over yet , though Wattson warns Ash there are surprises he does not know about .
starwars	The planet Kepler-16b has been informally referred to as Tatooine on numerous occasions .
starwars	The next scene shows Dash Rendar arriving on Gall and seeing Boba Fett 's ship , `` Slave I '' .
muppet	We all scream for ice cream . --
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2019 , August 13 , 2010
muppet	Hi , Henrik ! Im trying something new on some of the international pages , such as Niedźwiedź w dużym niebieskim this one , a chart to easily present the voice cast and character name translations without having either two separate lists or using parentheses
starwars	Soon after , they reached the Amani settlement they had been looking for , only for their dactillions to be killed and for the Amani to scatter in every direction during the ensuing confrontation , leaving Skywalker and Kenobi to follow the tracks of one that appeared to be their leader .
starwars	Once made , they were considered one-of-a-kind , and were matched to a specific user 's biological signature .
poke	Nicholai the Knickerbocker is a trainer that believes in becoming one with Pokémon in order to understand them .
starwars	The Malevolence ?
poke	Ash praises Pikachu for saving everyone , but Pikachu points out Electrike helped as well .
poke	Max thinks that Meowth should cut him loose , but Meowth does not see how it affects him .
poke	Hansen is furious , but the King and the Queen arrive with the guards , condemning Hansen for treason .
muppet	In 2014 , Elmos grandparents made their first on-screen appearance as Muppets . In episode 4417 , Elmos Grandpa and Grandma participated in a video-chat with Elmo and his friends on Sesame Street . These iterations of his grandparents appeared in animated form in `` Elmos World Grandparents , '' where his grandfathers sole line is provided by Ryan Dillon .
starwars	Brakiss piloted his small one-person craft back to the Shadow Academy , where he witnessed the newly arrived secret battle fleet being soundly defeated by New Republic forces .
poke	Jessie and James are angry , claiming they could 've been squished , but are reminded they have been saved from the trouble they created in the first place .
muppet	Hey , Kyle ! How have you been ? I was wondering if you had any of the Playhouse Video Muppet Show series . Were missing some covers , and pictures of those episodes . I seem to recall you were working on those a while ago . Hope youre doing well ! --
starwars	The Gloried Chalice District was mentioned in the 2020 novel `` Shadow Fall '' , written by Alexander Freed .
starwars	Soresh forgave him , but still punished him for his failure .
poke	With no other options left , Ash sends out his sleeping Corphish and tries to wake it up .
poke	The Trapinch appear and eat the metal from the machine , since Hal believes Team Rocket upset their natural habitat .
poke	Per Ash 's advice , May has Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf , freeing all the Pokémon from the robot .
poke	Ash wonders why May gets to battle first ; Brock points out Ash could be a gentleman to let the lady go on first , while Max points out main events always come in last .
muppet	But we should have a title thats as vague as possible but also descriptive enough so that people understand what it means and can also find it in a local and external search .
starwars	Running on limited supplies of food , energy , and medicine at the facility , the clones bade their time , waiting decades for a ship to arrive at the moon to take them away .
muppet	In 2007 , after Genius Entertainment gained the video distribution rights to Sesame Street , Sony Wonder was nearly shut down by Sony Music in order to focus on its core music business .
muppet	Balconism — Doggie-DAR The innate ability of the family dog to sense an evil man in their company even when the humans are completely oblivious .
poke	Team Rocket oversees the event , so Meowth thinks if the boss got all six Starter Pokémon , he 'll be happy to have them as friends .
muppet	Peasemarsh is a variation of a character in the original 1902 book , Billy Peasemarsh , a cockney horse and cart salesman . He was updated to a car dealer to keep with the new WWI time period . In the films production notes , actor John Sessions gave his own analysis of the character I had him down as a man who ’ d been in the army and told everyone he ’ d been shot in the Boer War , but actually a milk cart had gone over his foot ... Hes also one of these people who try to be posher than he really is . He doesn ’ t talk posh , of course . He ’ s a spiv really and he likes to come across as raffish , but actually - notwithstanding his spats and his whole Meltonian shoe polish look - he ’ s just waiting to be had by the kids . } }
muppet	A Grouchs mission in life is to be as miserable and grouchy as possible , and pass that feeling on to everyone else . Only then will a Grouch feel in touch with his or her world and be happy . Yet , even though a Grouch may show happiness at anyones misfortune , a Grouch would never admit to being happy . Such is the stability of a Grouchs life so balanced , and yet so unbalanced . Oscar is especially aware of this .
poke	Cozmo replies he chose to study asteroids , for they are one of the items they can touch and come from outer space .
muppet	I saw where Telly , Vern from Readers of the Open Range , and Zoe Monster were reading `` Patos ! '' Well , I had a question ! This also appeared on `` El Alphabeto de Lola ! '' Also , was on Sesame Street Episode 3364 Readers of the Open Range visit , but H Rytter locked that specific episode to keep people from editing it . Well , were there anymore films like the Patos Ducks film Readers of the Open Range where Telly , Zoe , and Vern from Readers of the Open Range were reading over any other Animal films back in 2005 when this episodio of Plaza Sesamo aired ?
muppet	By the time of Follow That Bird , the Count had significantly upgraded his ride and registered the vehicle this time in New York with the license plate number 12345678910 . A near antique , bearing some resemblance to a Wikipedia Stanley Steamer , the Countmobile is painted purple and boasts bat-like wing appendages .
poke	Meowth and James say their motto , with the former replacing Jessie , who is glad to have replaced her .
poke	Knowing Steven is a great trainer , who may know some locations for Ash to train for the rematch , the heroes head inside .
starwars	By the time of the Cold War , Iridonian hearts were traded on the black market by organ harvesters .
starwars	Utapauns preferred their meat uncooked and butchers delivered meat every day throughout the city .
starwars	Ryan Church
poke	The group notices the sick Nuzleaf , so Nurse Joy wants them to help her , then asks of them to find Shiftry and stop the battle .
starwars	The ancient computer demanded a target to feed on , and GEMINI 16 gave it information that allowed Zildrog to access the `` Gravestone '' , an ancient Iokath warship that was the key to the Alliance victory over Zakuul .
muppet	Hey Danny -- I know the mediawiki stuff is all changed now to make the pages simpler , but can we get rid of the line on the top of category pages ? It looks really silly when there is no text above it ... eg Banks . Its ok when there is text above it , but Im not sure even then that its critical ... eg Video . --
starwars	Bixene was the daughter of Duke Rubix , who held the position of ore-duke on the planet Shu-Torun .
starwars	In 22 BBY , before the battle of Geonosis , an assassination attempt was made on his life by the Confederacy of Independent Systems .
starwars	The look of the Wren Stronghold in `` Star Wars Rebels '' was strongly influenced by the aesthetics of architect .
poke	May reaches the second round of the Contest and defeats Jessica ( who is Jessie , in disguise ) .
poke	While Max and May are shocked about Ash 's choice , the member of the crew predicts Grovyle will jump from the masts as if they were trees .
muppet	Greenberg has written primarily for animated series , including Rugrats , Arnold . Hes written for Arthur , Daria , Recess , 101 Dalmatians The Series , and Cyberchase .
starwars	After passing through one of the Jedi Order 's academies and passing his Trials of Knighthood after spending time as a Padawan , Rey was made a Jedi Knight by the Jedi High Council .
poke	May takes offense at Corphish attacking everything , but Brock points out that 's how Corphish greets people and Pokémon .
starwars	Around the time of his death , he had accrued 4,816 flight hours and four confirmed kills .
muppet	Muppet Babies Magic Box was a live stage show based on Muppet Babies , produced by VEE Corporation in 1987 .
poke	Whilst Ash and his friends are relaxing in a forest , three Mightyena and a Poochyena ambush them .
muppet	Before you start moving pages around , can you look at Talk School Volume 1
muppet	For now , Ive just done the seasons I had available on my hard drive . I might be able to get to some more when I dig my DVD folders out . Everyone feel free to add to what Ive missed so far .
poke	Team Rocket overhears the conversation , so they plan to capture the Wailord , for the boss likes large things , including Pokémon .
starwars	Its guard also tripled the defense complement of any Godling .
starwars	There were multiple variants , including a headstrap , and the Extreme Pocket Game .
poke	Guy is annoyed and clarifies to Exploud it is wants to win , it should follow its trainer 's orders .
muppet	`` Simon Smith and the Amazing Dancing Bear , '' written by Randy Newman and first recorded by the band Harpers Bizarre , was performed as `` Simon Smith and His Amazing Dancing Bear '' in Episode 101 Juliet episode 101 of The Muppet Show . All recordings of the The Muppets performance of the song are listed under this alternate title .
muppet	In fact , through his work on Sesame Street , Raposo deliberately set out to cross the forced boundaries between pop music and childrens songs . Some educators have complained that the music on Sesame Street is too sophisticated for little ears , that we should curb the spontaneity of blues and rock and instead teach the children `` Mary Had a Little Lamb . '' But what most educators dont realize is that the lamb left the nursery the day they brought the TV set in . Children are now exposed to and learn to love every conceivable style of music ... And the beauty of our music is maybe that the child in the Grosse Pointe home is hearing gospel and blues for the first time and the black child in the urban ghetto is hearing the harpsichord and the flute for the first time . Someday , when they grow up , theyll have one more thing in common .
poke	Brock screams , stating he feels Max 's pain ( like being pulled away from flirting ) .
starwars	`` Blood of the Empire '' was the second of three `` Old Republic '' comic story arcs created as a tie-in to the online video game , `` '' .
muppet	Her voice and appearance are based on that of Wikipedia Audrey Meadows as Alice Kramden in The Honeymooners .
starwars	The CEC YT-1300 Marketing Catalog was a catalog that was produced by the Corellian Engineering Corporation to promote sales of the YT-1300 light freighter .
muppet	For illustrated characters , we hadnt been counting , for example , characters from the comics or most of the books as Muppets Characters
muppet	Eventually , his raucous laugh became too hard on Frank Ozs throat and Harvey , who was always considered a one-joke character , was dropped from the show .
starwars	He acquires the licensing rights to Benegryph Goodvalor not long afterwards , and goes into business with Slyssk as the owners of the Goodvalor 's Little Bivoli restaurant chain .
muppet	Would You Rather ? - Car game # 4 Jimmy and Marco get a chance to play `` The On-The-Go Game Show '' .
poke	To finish Pikachu off , Torkoal uses Overheat , directly hitting Pikachu and making him faint .
muppet	In 2006 , The Walt Disney Company , distributor of Pixars feature films , acquired Pixar , placing it under the same ownership as The Muppets the Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House characters .
starwars	Not long afterward , the New Republic struck at Vuultin .
poke	May wonders if he 'll manage that , but Max promises he has the full responsibility over Ralts .
poke	James finds his flashlight ( which he lost ) and turns it on , so the heroes sees some movements .
starwars	The Titan 's Mercy was a light freighter that was owned by the smuggler Corte Voss .
starwars	This protected the Gran society , but it also isolated the Gran on Hok and Malastare who had begun to form strong bonds to their new homes .
starwars	Noticing that the New Republic forces were occupied with the thousands of TIEs before them , Shadowspawn used this as an opportunity to flee .
poke	May and Max are relieved the round is over , while Brock notes how Juan creates his own pace against the challenger .
muppet	Together with Muppets the Muppets , he was a celebrity guest on the Extreme Makeover Home Edition episode Extreme Makeover The Muppet Edition on January 3 , 2010 .
poke	Team Rocket decides to capture Torchic , but Max has remembers how May loves her Torchic .
muppet	Todays news sources , including http//www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/11/20/kevin-clash-resigns-elmo-sex-allegations_n_2165663.html this Huffington Post article , make it clear that Clash is resigning because of these allegations . Its a well-documented fact at this point .
poke	Meanwhile , Jessie is frustrated her `` Silcoon '' did not evolve yet and blames James and Meowth to be responsible .
starwars	The Millennium Falcon , originally known as YT-1300 492727ZED , was a modified YT-1300 light freighter with a storied history stretching back to the decades before the Clone Wars and the rise of the Galactic Empire .
poke	Bulbasaur takes the chest with Vine Whip and Pikachu attacks Team Rocket with Thunder , blasting them off .
poke	The heroes notice a blue light for a second from Shedinja and Ninjask 's attacks .
muppet	Would anybody object if I moved our Main Page to `` Muppet Wiki '' ? That way , our title is front and center when you first come to the site . --
muppet	Hey , Guillermo , Im trying to do as much as I can without constantly asking for help , but , on the main SS discography page , can you see if you or somebody can make the Welcome album redirect to Sesame Mucho , the same way that the CTW reissues of SS1 and SS2 redirect to their first editions ? I looked at the coding , and I did the same thing , but its still a red link , so I figured it was an internal thing . Thanks ! --
starwars	3 ABY
poke	When they confirm as Ash mentions he needs to defeat Norman , the boys refuse to believe that he 'll beat Norman .
muppet	Hey you ! Do you know whos doing Elmos Mom in the NPR report ? I forget if we covered that . Also , I sent you some email before you left for your ... you know , `` thing . '' I hope all went well ! --
poke	Max is thinking of a strategy , but Magby uses Flamethrower , but Poliwag uses Defense Curl to protect itself .
poke	Mr. Moore : `` Trainers can use up to three Pokémon , though only the challenger is allowed to make substitutions . ''
starwars	Kueller was born under the name Dolph on the planet of Almania and was discovered to be Force-sensitive .
starwars	Tak Base/Legends
poke	Again and again , Treecko jumps from the top of a waterfall and tries to break a rock at the bottom with its tail .
starwars	Sergeant Bragg of the RSF Intelligence Division had gathered that , in addition to their usual bootlegging , the Mummers were involved in a terrorist attack in the capital city of Theed .
poke	Mary is not pleased about her grandma 's preachings and decides to explain the heroes about the problem .
starwars	He was a pilgrim visiting the Holy City on the moon Jedha shortly before its destruction during a test of the Death Star 's superlaser .
muppet	Sesame Street is known for its multicultural elements and is inclusive in its casting , incorporating roles for disabled people , young people , senior citizens , Hispanic actors , black actors , and others . As recalled by CTW advisor Gerald S. Lesser in his book Children and Television Lessons from Sesame Street , This integration initially led the Misssippi State Commission for Educational Television to ban the series , as did other states , though it was eventually reinstated . Mutual tolerance and cross-cultural friendship is also conveyed through the Muppet characters , who come in a variety of sizes , shapes , and colors , and range from the humanoid Anything Muppets to various animals to Street monsters , Grouches , and Honkers , all of whom , especially the Grouches , have their own unique perspectives and ways of communicating with their neighbors . Yet they all manage to live in relative peace and harmony , setting an example for child viewers not to prejudge others .
starwars	Kam Nale , however , finished fifth in the Boonta Eve Classic podrace when using this engine model .
poke	When they are coming back to pour the water , the trees start shaking ; Team Rocket is taking the Treecko away , who were living on the trees .
poke	May worries about the tough competition , but finds a Coordinator meditating with her Pokémon , a Medicham , who is floating in air .
starwars	Also the text reads like the description of a quest .
muppet	I noticed the CTW Archives scanned of documents list no first season appearances for Jazz # 7 , # 9 and # 10 . I guess its possible they were held back until Season 2 Season 2 , since we have three episodes they could have been in . Whats going on ? How come we have appearances listed here ? Hilleyb 0130 , 14 December 2007
poke	Brock is doing some exercise before going to water , but accidentally slips over into the lake .
poke	May does not want to go there , wanting an ice cream in next town , so Max and she start arguing .
poke	All of Treecko 's hard work appears to have paid off—when Team Rocket attacks and catches Pikachu with the help of their new Seviper , Treecko is able to save the day .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but fails as the machine is electric proof just like the real Numel are .
poke	They arrive to the testing room , where the scientists report two capsules have been stolen .
starwars	The Outer Rim Oreworks Market , or ORO Market , was located on the Outer Rim planet Apatros in the colony of the same name .
poke	The crowd is certain May and Max will teach them a lesson and carry both of them there .
starwars	The Galactic Republic captured the planet Tythe from the Confederacy , only to lose it later in the war .
starwars	Empress Teta
starwars	Ding was a tame kusak that lived in Nym 's Base on Lok at the time of the Galactic Civil War .
poke	Pikachu attacks with Thunderbolt , defeating Magnemite in an instant , which surprises everyone but Ash .
starwars	Utapau Skyforce
starwars	Jedi Search is the abridged audiobook version of the `` Star Wars '' Legends novel of the same name , by author Kevin J. Anderson .
poke	Max thinks he might be small enough to squeeze through the bars , but Oak asks if he can borrow Max 's photos .
starwars	When they escaped , they went down the corridor and Kenobi ducked into a service closet to work the controls to open the door at the end of the hallway .
muppet	The list of Robins Muppet Show appearances is incomplete , as he also appears in the Doug Henning and Diana Ross episodes . Also , where is he in the Sandy Duncan episode ? User David French 0558 , 23 April 2009
starwars	Designed on Iokath by Iokath creators , the GEMINI captains commanded the Eternal Fleet warships through the shared GEMINI frequency , which allowed their consciousness to persist even when the droid body was destroyed .
poke	Team Rocket is n't missing an opportunity , so Jessie sends Seviper , who uses Poison Tail .
muppet	Update edit Using Playbill.com .
poke	When Skitty chases after an Aipom , May runs into two Coordinators named Joshua and Erika , who are entering the Contest as well .
starwars	Zonder , Ekria , and Lo'gaan were able to evade Galle and made their way to Coruscant , now called `` Imperial Center . ''
starwars	Selected by a Jedi Master to train as a Padawan , Moudama continued to seek knowledge wherever he could and grow stronger in the ways of the Force .
muppet	Lewis was also parodied in the Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 313 Getting to Know Getting to Know You . '' Henri Henri and Simone Poupon attempt to convince Charlene Sinclair of the genius of a rather Jerry Lewis-like dinosaur character on TV .
poke	May thanks the man for the advice , while Max realizes the man is Drake from the Elite Four of Hoenn .
muppet	Thats a neat image , but should we be using fan art for a main picture ? —
muppet	Hey Andrew Scott and I are reaching an impasse in this discussion about putting extra space under the `` sources '' link . Could you take a look at it , and say what you think ? I think Scott and I are stalemated . --
poke	The Taillow fly over and eat away the rice balls , wishing for more , surprising Team Rocket how gluttonous these Taillow are .
muppet	So , Im digging into the LIS DVD I recently acquired to get some grabs of `` the Robot '' and Im finding that they didnt really include any full-body shots in the whole movie . Theres a production gallery on the disc , but its just drawings . The real treasure however , was found in the deleted scenes . An entire character was dropped from the final cut of the movie , but not before sequences were filmed from a seemingly meticulously created creature . I havent been able to confirm Hensons involvement , but its got Creature Shop written all over it . It was suggested in dialogue that she was meant to have been a grown-up version of Blawp . So anyway , I thought youd enjoy these findings . Scott
muppet	PAM Oscar and Grungy almost got married , and they had a fantasy about having grouch kids . They decided it might make them happy , so they bailed out of the wedding . Little did they know that way to be truly grouchy is to get married . They also went on vacation to Camp Mushymuddy , and they did a wonderful song floating down a swamp in an old tire . Andrea Martin played Edith Prickly as a shoe salesman , and she tried to get Grundgetta some shoes . Jerry Nelson played Professor Piggens who tried to teach Grundgetta to be a real grouch a la My Fair Lady . That was just great .
poke	However , she was taking a nap and immediately woke up after her grandfather yelled at her , to know if she heard him .
poke	Captain Stern believes the rock , which was found at the bottom of the ocean went under extreme heat and was transformed into this dark appearance , suspecting a Pokémon emitted a lot of heat under the ocean .
muppet	The more Im working on pages , the more I think the cover is a composite of Gloria Swanson and Son of the Sheik . My theory on this is based on `` Naughty Operetta '' which is a spoof on the title of Naughty Marietta , but the picture is most certainly a take on Rose-Marie . The same with Annie Hall , as the picture is a take on the film , but the title is take on Allens film Interiors . Same goes with the Saturday Night Fever/Grease hybred Saturday Night Greaser . So now to do some research on Rudolph Valentino and Gloria Swanson . --
poke	Max tries to untie Torchic , but a lone Spinarak appears , using String Shot to capture Max once more .
muppet	So Id like to take out every sentence that isnt directly sourced , and remove all speculation . Im announcing my intentions , because I want to give somebody else the chance to do the cleanup before I do it . If nobody responds or works on the article over the next couple days , then Im gon na come in with a hacksaw . If somebody wants to take a gentler approach , then do it soon . --
starwars	Stormtrooper armor was the standard armor worn by the Imperial stormtrooper .
starwars	When the Inquisitorius cornered him in Bel City , Barr knew that he could use their own troopers to his advantage by making them see the Inquisitors as targets of Order 66 due to their past affiliation with the Jedi Order .
poke	As Team Rocket reveal their intentions of stealing the Ekans from him , Weezing spots the poacher captured some Koffing as well .
poke	As the group goes to find a nearest cave , they encounter Seedot , who join them .
poke	Team Rocket is making Pokéblocks and as Meowth and James think there are too many Pokéblocks , which are too small , though Jessie orders them to continue , wanting to sell these before the Contest , which were paid well .
muppet	You can turn all of these on and off in your preferences , under the Email tab -- but youll want to do that on the Hanna-Barbera Wiki . You can access the preferences for watchlist and Message Wall on any wiki , but if you want to turn off the founder e-mails , then you need to do that on the wiki you founded . Theres a special section at the bottom on that Email tab for founders , where you can turn the founder e-mails on
poke	Team Aqua and Shelly send Walrein to protect Archie , using Water Gun to attack Team Magma .
starwars	Synthmilk
muppet	Hey , nice new template ! There are cases where two names are given for a song , but it doesnt say who wrote lyrics and who wrote music . What do you think of adding a dynamic `` Written by '' field which can be used in those cases ? -- Scott Scarecroe 1934 , 11 March 2006
poke	Jessie is delighted that their work has been done for them and orders Arbok to attack .
starwars	Disarmed and outgunned , the sisters quickly retreated .
muppet	Tim Mieville is a puppeteer who worked on Farscape for the entire run of the series . He operated the body of Pilot and the arms of Rygel , and following the departure of John Eccleston , became head puppeteer of Rygel . He also operated and voiced Jotheb in the first season episode `` Episode 104 Throne for a Throne for a Loss . ''
muppet	I need therapy . —
poke	Timmy recognizes his pen , making his mother angry , since she found it being dropped by the Phantom .
muppet	Thanks for uploading the better image . The lack of graphic representation for The Poky Little Puppy Comes to Sesame Street was a gaping hole in our Little Golden Books archive . -- Andrew , Aleal 1739 , 11 March 2006
muppet	I know Ive been MIA for awhile , but I just saw this page today and loved it . My question is , have practices of outside wikipedia links changed ? The opening paragraph has four links to wikipedia in it , and I thought we were steering away from that as it gets people off the site , instead of clicking around within the wiki . I was going to take them out , but I saw Wendy added them , so I thought Id open a discussion first . --
poke	Juan and the mayor are impressed by Chimecho 's voice , nevertheless , and Juan notes they could be artists .
muppet	Now , due to the related issue I mentioned .
starwars	A member of the Bergruutfa Clan , a clan known for its members intense loyalty , Initiate Banz and his peers were placed under the tutelage of the Abyssin Jedi Master Quarmall .
poke	However , after some thinking , Bulbasaur goes to May , joining her as its trainer , while the grass-type Pokémon approve of Bulbasaur 's decision .
muppet	Bo appeared on the stage in various sketches and skits , including an appearance in the Veterinarians Hospital sketch in Episode 501 Gene Kelly .
poke	May states that she caught a Beautifly , but Kenny begins to act nervous , but Caroline becomes angrier and more upset .
starwars	`` Cataclysm '' was a painting available in the 2003 video game `` Star Wars Galaxies '' .
starwars	Janson , Klivian , another Rogue pilot named Nrin Vakil , and some of the others organized themselves into a squad and went back to the swamp to aggressively patrol the area for any signs of the Imperials—however , Janson and his patrol were ambushed by a number of scout troopers , with Vakil appearing to have been killed .
muppet	Seinfeld Babies is a sketch from Episode 107 Sandra episode 107 of Muppets Tonight that features The baby versions of Jerry from Seinfeld .
starwars	Bringing the `` Starbreaker 12 '' below the planet 's atmosphere , the Daragons observed a great spectacle of monuments , gold , and jewels .
poke	Max reminds May that she needs one last ribbon , while she already imagines herself in the Grand Festival .
starwars	While initially refusing , Nokk discovered Aphra was with the droid , and decided to take the offer .
muppet	`` Rock Around the Clock '' is sung by the Rats on Episode 405 Victor episode 405 of The Muppet Show . This classic rock and roll number was made famous by Bill Haley and His Comets in 1954 and is widely credited with sparking the rock and roll era in 1955 when it was featured as the theme music for the film Blackboard Jungle . For years it was listed by the Guinness Book of World Records as the highest-selling vinyl pop recording , with an estimated 25 million copies sold .
muppet	Creatively , Im stumped with this page . I tried improving the description , but theres really not much to say about this character other than describing the end of the sketch , which is restated elsewhere . I cant even get a good snapshot of him . I just dont think this works as a page , and any info can be merged to the Monsterpiece Theater description . Yay or Nay ? --
muppet	What does all this have to do with Elmos mother ? Im getting to it was the name `` Gladys '' rejected later so that viewers/listeners wouldnt confuse the new Muppet with Gladys the Cow ? Or was she kept nameless because `` relative '' Muppets rarely need to use their names .
poke	Swellow goes to use Wing Attack , but Lombre gets up and strikes with Razor Leaf , cancelling its attack .
muppet	On September 13 , 2011 , the official Muppets Facebook page posted a digitally manipulated photo of Sweetums wearing Princess Beatrices wedding hat with the caption `` Who wore it better ? We think it looks absolutely fab with Sweetums hair . '' https//www.facebook.com/photo.php ? fbid=10150280740337035
muppet	In Episode 321 Roger episode 321 , Rowlf the Rowlf sang the song `` Pop Goes the Weasel . ''
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2149 , July 6 , 2011
poke	After a night at the Pokémon center , Ash is stoked to have another Gym Battle .
starwars	Ione–Isis hyperroute
muppet	We ’ ve warned you several times about edit reverting/warring and moving pages without discussing . You ’ ve also often evaded from discussing and responding to us , so I feel like it ’ s evident that you don ’ t have interest in working with the community and listening to us . We ’ ve given you enough chances and warnings , and we ’ re clearly not connecting , so you are going to be blocked indefinitely .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0727 , December 12 , 2009
muppet	Hey , Scott . I just noticed that the `` External links '' header at the bottom of the Save the Muppets article actually reads `` Extrenal links , '' and its sort of driving me crazy , but the page is protected . Would you mind fixing it , Administrator Dude ? -Ryan PrawnRR 2354 , 24 March 2006
muppet	Hey Andrew -- I saw that you added to Baby Natasha that she appeared in the 1992 edition of What Do You Do ? I cant find any info on that edition ... was it a new illustrator ? Do you have a picture ? Etc . ) --
starwars	It was located in the Inner Rim .
poke	Ash and Brock charge towards the truck , stopping it and getting Bulbasaur back .
muppet	Thanks , Andrew , for pointing out that I can edit the file or talk pages of images to leave details that most people dont need to know . I feel better knowing that the information is there is someone wants it ! — Tom
muppet	Hi , Scott ! Are we still keeping track of pages that have that spacing problem ? --
muppet	`` Knees Up Mother Brown '' is a traditional British song , typically heard at parties and in bars , and also sung by some Music Hall performers . It is performed as the UK Spots ( The Muppet UK Spot on Episode 410 Kenny episode 410 of The Muppet Show . Fozzie Fozzie and others sing in a bar , while Ma Fozzies mother dances the part of `` Mother Brown '' . Fozzie is very perturbed by the lyrics , which threaten sawing off the legs of Mother Brown if she `` bends '' .
poke	Brock calms them down , while Max tells them Fallarbor Town is near Lavaridge Town , so they can visit both cities .
starwars	Goran orders the two cadets to exit their pods and report for debriefing .
muppet	Even if its a feature , not a bug , I think its worth giving them feedback .
poke	The last is the class , where students learn to fight with their Pokémon , impressing Ash .
poke	After arriving , Brock hears the doctor 's voice and claims she is already beautiful .
starwars	During its operation with Scimitar Squadron of the Imperial Navy , a bomber squadron that employed the use of proton torpedoes and proton bombs , `` Scimitar 2 '' had its targeting systems calibrated with the rest of the squadron to track fast-moving Rebel starfighters and , later , was further equipped with advanced targeting systems to increase damage during planetary bombardment .
poke	The heroes approach the kid and Ash introduces himself to the kid , Keanu , who cries , as his Nincada was taken away from him .
muppet	This set includes a 36 page book in a vinyl , zippered cover , and a musical read-along CD . The full sales name is Counting All Around Zip and Carry Book and CD .
poke	Mightyena growl , making May and Max afraid , but Ash points out he speaks the truth .
muppet	Likes Playing with his friends , Timmy the Talking Train
poke	Team Rocket claims they will take all of the trainers ' Pokémon , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , blasting them off .
starwars	In 127 ABY , following the failure of the Ossus Project—an effort to restore planets damaged during the earlier Yuuzhan Vong War—the Galactic Empire declared war on the Galactic Alliance .
muppet	New segments of Super Grover 2.0 will premiere during the season
starwars	Huff was not above bribing the local officials—both planetary and Imperial—to maintain his stature .
poke	Once the jet of water throws both Pokémon in the air , Hariyama uses Knock Off and Treecko uses Pound , as they exchange blows .
muppet	Was the song completed for the stage show ? -- MuppetDude 1529 , 15 December 2008
muppet	Pursuant to our earlier conversations , I went ahead and created Template , or rather changed an unused template created by Nick awhile back . Right now , its tiny and unobtrusive , but I also dont know what else to do with it which weve been unable to fully disprove , or statements like on The Muppet Christmas Carol where all thats needed is to double check audio commentaries and replace the vague statement with a quote and source or whatever , that it seems worth having .
muppet	I know that its too much , but its really hard to choose , agreeing the person above me .
poke	Max tells her that Harley told him he was afraid of Pokémon as well , so he tried to make him feel better by telling the story .
muppet	`` To make Brooke Shields grow or shrink , she was videotaped on a blue background while the camera zoomed in or out . This image was then superimposed against the full-sized set . For one scene , to make Brooke appear giant-sized , she squeezed into a miniature dressing room set . '' Gribbaziggy 2125 , 2 February 2007
starwars	Based on the vehicle 's appearance in its various toy incarnations , the First Order snowspeeder , unlike the Rebel Alliance 's more fighter jet-like snowspeeder , fills the role of a general-purpose vehicle used for scouting and communications , akin to real life military Jeeps and Humvees .
muppet	I should look at the guides for the first 35 episodes and see if any of the main human characters played a role before then .
starwars	The Bongo Advanced Scouts were first produced around the time of the War of the Gungan tribes in 3000 BBY by the Bongomeken Collective .
starwars	Her organizational skills were demonstrated by her ability to catalog Teroenza 's collection and oversee Sarn Shild 's household staff and office .
muppet	Hey Paul , what did Toots Thielemans do with the Muppets ? You created a page with just a link and nothing else . -- Scott Scarecroe 0226 , 9 February 2006
poke	Sheridan whispers to use Helping Hand , but Max pushes the drums , which land on the battlefield .
starwars	The vulptices were a fox-like species of canids with a flexible body native to the mineral world Crait .
muppet	Did the Russian restaurant sequence start with a Global Grover title , or was it just a Waiter Grover skit replacing the segment for one episode ? -- Zanimum 1535 , 17 August 2006
poke	The coach points to the people trainers also need to stay fit in shape to win battles .
muppet	A 1-minute TV promo for the movie debuted during the Disney Channel premiere of Take Two with Phineas and Phineas and Ferb Across the 2nd Dimension on August 5 , 2011 . A 30-second TV promo for the movie aired during the Fox broadcast of Emmy Awards the Emmy Awards on September 18 , 2011 . Another 30-second TV promo for the movie debuted during the third season premiere of Glee on September 20 , 2011 .
poke	Morita has found the flock , so everyone takes the vehicle to a lake , where the flock is located .
starwars	Bellava Parnadee first appeared in the 2019 sequel trilogy film , , in which she was portrayed by Tanya Moodie .
muppet	But in the best cliffhanger tradition of Hollywood , the humans wont actually see Snuffleupagus . `` Not this season , '' said Stiles .
muppet	`` We had one lady who said she wouldnt leave until she had her Ernie , '' Ms. Kane said . `` It was crazy . ''
poke	Team Rocket are angered about Rico , with James commenting he 'd also free the Koffing , regardless of how much extra food they 'd have to buy .
muppet	Mi Michael . Thanks for adding those notes . Just so you know , the sketcherelease template doesnt need a break tag . The break tag is the one that goes
starwars	The Jedi team snuck aboard the refueling ship as the `` Starcrusher '' Admiral Kirst launched reinforcements .
muppet	Nevermind , it just occurred to me that this may be the reason Brad is asking for the reference . I always forget to look at the bottom for `` Topics for this thread '' .
muppet	I see that youve had some trouble with this , but have ignored messages from others in the community here . PLEASE REPLY HERE so that we know you understand the importance of communication on this project . If you fail to do so , youre demonstrating that youre not interested in cooperation and will be uninvited from collaborating here .
starwars	One reduction cost 1,000 credits .
starwars	Dark Forces is a trilogy of hardcover and trade paperback novellas published by Dark Horse Comics , based upon the `` '' video game .
muppet	And the casting history is nice to have , as its noting how Matts entered the role , from just the puppetry to the voice .
muppet	Why are you voting for a non-Christmas picture for Christmas ? —
starwars	However , he retained his previous recollection of events , and knew what would happen to him and others around him .
muppet	In Episode 316 Danny Episode 316 , Danny Kaye , portraying the chefs uncle in a sketch , claims that the Swedish Chefs first name was Tom . However , since Kaye was not a blood relative in reality , this information may be considered apocryphal .
muppet	Just a heads up to check out the Special discussion on the Search Engine . I had something odd happen today with Friday the 13th . --
poke	Miranda admits the king also had a Togepi , who went back whence it came , which is a symbol the current leader was just and righteous .
poke	Savannah sees the truth in that and decides to do so , while May goes to give her advice on battling .
poke	Ash sends Pikachu to battle Crawdaunt , but just then , Team Rocket appears , throwing some smoke bombs .
poke	Birch admits he would be staying a bit longer on the island and permits the heroes to come with him .
poke	Ash recalls he did battle Norman and Vigoroth in an unofficial battle , since he only had Pikachu back then , but claims he is ready now for a full battle .
poke	The heroes smile , though May points out Savannah did a lot to warn May about the Contest .
starwars	Masara
poke	Due to a mistake , the heroes sail away to an island , with their actual destination being Mossdeep City .
poke	Maxie claims they analyzed the orbs and have deduced to control them to build a better world , though Lance denies those facts .
muppet	William Plant is a former production supervisor at Jim Hensons Creature Shop . Plant began his animatronic film career on the non-Henson Return to Oz and subsequently served as animatronic coordinator on The Witches . Promoted to project supervisor , Plant worked on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the Ooze , and The Flintstones , as well as the Creature Shop ghosts in The Muppet Christmas Carol . He became head of production at the Creature Shop , overseeing Babe , and The Neverending Story III , before turning over the slot to long-term creative supervisor John Stephenson .
poke	Later , Team Rocket searches for the Spinda as well , and Jessie , upon seeing a Teddiursa , has a plan .
starwars	Warren Sloat was a presiding Judicial at the Judicial Arcology in 22 BBY .
poke	After days of hard work , Moss approached Abby one night and gave her a Moonstone , allowing her Johnny to evolve into a Delcatty .
muppet	Hi , I had to roll back some of your recent changes . We only use the performer box to feature the characters main performer . Recasts and other information is contained within the article itself . Thanks ! Scott
poke	Max explains this is where a Pokémon Contest is held , and as May wonders what it is , she gets startled by a Pokémon and falls down , who flew on her face .
poke	Also , Ash finds a Soothe Bell , which makes the Pokémon able to deal more attacks .
poke	Since Pikachu ca n't sense water , Ash sends Corphish and Brock his Lotad and Mudkip to detect water .
starwars	Built by Lucky Malnock , it was well situated and originally catered to miners and construction workers .
starwars	He attempted to use Sith sorcery to capture Ezra and Ahsoka , two enemies who had eluded the Empire .
poke	Janet approaches the stage with May and Max ; Janet sends her Beautifly out and orders to use Flash .
poke	Pikachu and Mightyena go to take it , but Pikachu bounces off their heads and takes the orb .
poke	Roderick gives May the Liechi Berries , tempting her to get her final ribbon from the Pacifidlog Town 's Contest .
poke	Meowth activates the remote , making it look like Dustox used a move to stamp some glitter to form a picture of itself .
poke	Officer Jenny sends Meganium , Tangela and Parasect : Tangela uses Vine whip , Meganium Razor Leaf and Parasect Stun Spore to hold the Gulpin off .
starwars	Though the planet successfully repelled the attack , it lashed out with the Force at the presence of the Jedi , knocking them unconscious .
starwars	Imperial forces were defeated thanks to the intervention of X-wing starfighters from the Calamari Cruiser `` Independence '' .
muppet	Hey , Scott ! Im experimenting with a new way to illustrate pages for some of the celebrities parodied as Muppets , but who either had no Muppet connections themselves , or none in the specific role , or whatever , where the choice is either to stick up a non-Muppet photo of the person/role or just the Muppet character . Im trying out a collage thing , on Columbo . Simple , but I think it works . Take a look when you get a chance . --
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2359 , January 26 , 2011
starwars	The three then prepared to sneak away but were spotted by Graballa , who rejected the sale of the Z-wing .
muppet	Now that this page is getting singles from movies and specials , as well as songs from The Muppet Show , I think we should change the title of this page to `` International Muppet singles '' . How does everybody else feel about it ? --
poke	Max reminds everyone his father used to say the Gym Leader is also responsible to create an atmosphere for a battle .
starwars	Everybody 's Got Something to Sell
poke	Max explains they were just protecting the baby Mudkip , so the man calms down .
starwars	He pretended to be a Jedi to fool Quinlan Vos whom he intended to kill .
poke	Butterfree is told to use Stun Spore , which leads to Sandshrew being told to use Dig to avoid the Stun Spore .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Team Rocket have an anti-electrical balloon , which absorbs electricity .
muppet	How are we certain Kevin Clash performed the character ? I wouldntve been able to recognize him . -- -- User and Bert Jesse
poke	Whismur has n't been scribbled on and Max explains the Soundproof ability causes Whismur to be immune to sound moves .
poke	Meanwhile , Nurse Joy tends to the Wailord and heals it , seeing it just needs more rest .
poke	Calista realizes her book is new while the woman 's is older , even if Calista 's book came some months ago .
poke	Is Poochyena going to evolve and is Max going to understand the importance of evolution ?
muppet	They appeared in a third season episode of Fraggle Rock called `` Episode 304 The Grapes of The Grapes of Generosity . ''
starwars	One known Vulanish phrase was Hustru fönster , which found its way into Corellian Basic .
starwars	Crado and Sylvar were pitted against Kun regularly in training for lightsaber combat , and found the Human to be a very skilled adversary .
muppet	The segment includes a group of live vegetables a tomato .
starwars	Unknown to Rax 's subordinates , Jakku had been designated as the staging ground in Emperor Palpatine 's Contingency plan to ensure that the Empire would not outlive him if he were to die .
poke	Sheridan reminds them the Pep Squad is here to cheer Pokémon during the battle .
poke	The Gym Leader exits the room , laughing , since he did not imagine his mechanical Raikou to be destroyed .
starwars	The Mission to Felucia was a mission carried out by the Alderaanian Resistance in 17 BBY , to free Admiral Gilder Varth from a prison on Felucia .
muppet	The broken redirects were not from double renames ; they were from a recent conversion of thread comment titles away from user names altogether . This caused the broken redirect issue for old renames , but should actually eliminate the creation of redirects for renames moving forward .
muppet	Spinney wrote an autobiography in 2003 titled The Wisdom of Big Bird Lessons from a Life in Feathers . Caroll Spinney also wrote and illustrated How to Be a Grouch , a 1976 picture book that explains the world from Oscars point of view . Spinney also drew the Mr. Hoopers picture of Mr. Hooper that Big Bird drew after Mr. Hooper died , and designed one of his characters , Bruno the Trashman .
poke	On December 17 , 1987 , LCI signed a licensing deal with Nintendo of America , Inc. to market the software products that went along with its increasingly popular gaming systems .
muppet	Most of the team will be introduced to British viewers next Friday when they will form part of the Des O ’ Connor show which opens his new series .
starwars	The Bosphs were a sentient species of short mammals who generally stood between 1.0 and 1.7 meters tall .
muppet	Segel wrote the script for The Muppets with Forgetting Sarah Marshall director and co-writer Nick Stoller . In June 2008 , Segel said `` I actually just turned in my first draft of the Muppets and Im really excited about it . I think were bringing them back . Hopefully it will fall right in the pantheon of The Great Muppet Caper , The Muppets Take Muppets Take Manhattan , The Muppet Muppet Movie , you know , were trying to make one of those . ''
muppet	Hi ! Do you still have http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=Chicago_the_Lion
starwars	He became known as one of the fathers of modern smuggling on the planet Socorro .
poke	May panics , but Brock reminds her Combusken can use fighting attacks , like Sky Uppercut .
muppet	It takes a little while to get used to how things work on a wiki , but youre getting there . Keep trying stuff out ! --
starwars	Bullkey
starwars	However , Haazen wanted revenge for what she had done to him , and he killed her in his anger .
starwars	Following the unsuccessful attacks on Kryze , Vizsla mobilized a Death Watch army at the Concordian base in preparation to take over Mandalore .
starwars	The Massacre on Ruusan was a battle of the New Sith Wars .
muppet	The puppet was later recycled in the Mopatops Shop episode `` Episode 202 Princess Princess Lulabelle '' as Princess Lulabelle , a princess looking for a frog to kiss .
poke	Suddenly , a Golbat takes the meteorite , giving it to Team Magma grunts , who go away .
starwars	There is a major variation with the FX-7 figure in that two different head molds exist .
muppet	Im just trying to understand so I dont spend another 30 minutes or more on information that will be deleted in the future like these were .
muppet	Also , to create external links , youll need to add the http// inside the brackets , and a phrase after the link as a description . So the full link that you would reference would look like this
poke	The screen shows which Coordinator battles with their opponent ; in the end , Drew faces May , the latter knowing she can not lose against him .
muppet	Hi , Aleal . The only reason Im called TenCents is because I started this account on TUGS Wiki
muppet	The Bert footage looks to me like its either a local talk show appearance , or behind-the-scenes footage similar to the footage weve seen of Jim and Frank doing the E
starwars	With only a few dozen Masters in each generation , those who did not take on governing responsibilities were sent to lead the teaching of the next generation at any of the mystic communities across the world .
starwars	During the droid 's attempt to locate Revan , HK-47 was once again heavily damaged and almost entirely dismembered .
starwars	Their travels took them to the Baran Do Order on Dorin , where they hoped to find Koro Ziil , who had taught Solo during his travels .
poke	Later on , Team Rocket offers their gratitude , but they soon go to steal Pikachu .
poke	On February 29 , 2012 , there was an amicable settlement of the lawsuit between 4Kids Entertainment and Asatsu-DK ( ADK ) and TV Tokyo over the license of the Yu-Gi-Oh !
starwars	While the `` FarStar '' headed to the planet to assist in recovery operations , Monjai promised to send medical relief ships as soon as she could , although it would take two days to prep them .
muppet	Buescher sang in Disneys Mulan and on the Dinosuars album `` Dinosaurs Big Big Songs '' . She also voice-matches many stars , looping Angelina Jolie in Mr. and Mrs. Smith , Kate Beckinsale in Click , Joan Cusack in Chicken Little , Halle Berry in Catwoman , Jennifer Lopez in Shall We Dance , Naomie Harris in the Pirates of the Carribean 2 and 3 video games , and many others .
starwars	531 52 , a simulation of an in-universe news source that led up to the release of .
starwars	Tryst was gaining the upper hand in the duel .
starwars	Fuel pod/Legends
muppet	`` I worked
muppet	Gaffer is the bedraggled , one-eyed cat which usually hangs around backstage in the late seasons of The Muppet Show . The cat was introduced for the first time in Episode 419 Lynda Carter .
poke	He raised his Pokémon to move and attack elegantly as he does , thinking there should be a bit of art in everything , even in battles or their appearances .
starwars	Attempts were also made at using specialist weapons against the emerging Killiks such as the Mother 's Milk poison and Blood Boiler .
muppet	Among the children is Roscoe Ormans daughter , Rasheda .
poke	Dustox repeats using Psybeam , Dusclops 's Psychic counters the move , causing a collision .
muppet	Before anyone says anything , yes , the article text reads like an advertisement because it IS . The text came from the Upcoming Sesame Street storybooks page , where ALL of the descriptions come from the publisher . There are many book articles one this wiki like that , so when I made this page , I didnt bother to change it because in the past nobody seemed to care , and it doesnt seem to be a big deal
muppet	Wikipedia claims that the MuppeTelevision segments have been repackaged without any of the other JHH material . I seem to recall reading something like this on either the MC or TP boards as having aired in possibly Canada or Australia
poke	The woman confirms this , but admits some of Beautifly 's attacks went wrong - as did the man 's Venomoth , whose attacks were too powerful .
muppet	Also , you appear to be getting your images from https//parody.fandom.com/wiki/Category_Henson % 27s_Animal_Show_Characters here . Some of those screenshots are decent , but youre only downloading the thumbnails for some reason .
muppet	Never mind on the second thing ; I see that he worked it into the Sesame Street Theme page . --
muppet	Thunderdell was the guardian of the sacred treasures of Giantland - the harp and the goose - in Jack and the Beanstalk The Real Story . He was the foster father of the leading lady Ondine and the real father of Bran .
starwars	The death of Even Piell in created a discrepancy over the canonicity of `` Jedi Twilight '' , as Piell 's dying words in the novel are the catalyst for Pavan to search for 10-4TO .
starwars	Poe reported that the settlement was apparently deserted with the exception of one big egg .
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail , but is stopped by Corphish 's Bubble Beam , allowing May to thank Ash back for the same thing .
muppet	The Muppets Studio logo became the signature on productions of the company , such as the Web series From the Balcony , Studio DC Almost Live and A Muppets Christmas Letters to Santa . The logo was also added to home video releases by Buena Vista Home Entertainment . In 2009 the Muppets Studio launched a http//youtube.com/muppetsstudio YouTube channel , a promotional http//twitter.com/muppetsstudio Twitter feed , and an official http//facebook.com/p/MuppetsStudio/177534557034 Facebook page .
muppet	Similarly noted in my past thoughts of http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/P._T._Bunkum P.T . Bunkum , by http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Brian_Meehl Brian Meehl , the voice sound similar enough to being a reference , yet I acknowledge this could just be my own perspective .
poke	As May , Brock and Ash go to find Max , behind them , they spot the Cradily Max was talking about .
muppet	Just a note about disambig pages I think that the text on them that links to the articles which are being disambiguated are the only links that should be on the page at all . Otherwise , what should be a simple redirect page looks disorderly and confusing . —
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 2019 , 1 July 2011
poke	Before Treecko enters the battle , Ash reminds Treecko he and his friends are with him , together in the fight .
muppet	The Wikicities stats pages are working again ! I posted a Top 25 list , and theres a link on that page to the actual statistics page . -- Danny Toughpigs 0232 , 23 January 2006
poke	Another explosion causes Maxie and Tabitha fall down , so Ash takes Pikachu and leaves with his friends .
poke	May thanks for the battle , knowing this battle will improve their chances of winning the next Contest .
starwars	Adventures in Sound Design
poke	James sends Cacnea ( and the latter dodges its hug ) , who uses Pin Missile , but the heroes manages to evade the attack .
poke	They tell the twerps they did not steal their badges , though they still stole the food .
muppet	This song was sung in an episode from 1974 in which Big Bird hosted a show about the number four . This segment was later shown as an insert up until the late 1980s . A brief clip from this song appeared in Sesame Street 20 and Still Counting .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2316 , August 24 , 2011
poke	A wild Pokémon list in `` Red '' , `` Blue '' , and `` Yellow '' holds ten Pokémon , using twenty bytes to do so .
poke	Lastly , in the C block , May , James and some 2 other contestants are in that group .
starwars	Due to his Force powers , Kanan was able to interact with Force-sensitive creatures such as the mythical loth-wolves of Lothal .
poke	After a smoke bomb is thrown , Team Rocket appears as well , wanting the pearl back .
poke	To prevent anyone from falling down , the group holds hands , but Shauna does not want to hold hands with Brawly .
starwars	The Je'daii Masters soon arrived , having determined that Xesh was the cause of the storm threatening Tython and demanded that he surrender .
starwars	Following their training , the Mandalorian told Omera to prepare for the attack as he and Dune departed to provoke the Klatooinian raiders .
starwars	It was written by Alex Wheeler and was released on September 1 , 2009 .
poke	Ash and friends decide to help a kid named Nicky find his missing brother Gordon , who went to solve the mystery of the appearing Absol , as well as try to solve the mystery of the Pokémon themselves .
muppet	I finally found a copy of The Best of Oscar the Grouch , which is discographically important , because its the very last SS LP with a listing on the back . It has a listing of all the consecutively numbered book-and-record and book-and-tape sets that had been released up to that time . Looking through the titles on the wiki to see whats already here , Im kind of confused . Are you considering them as stand-alone books first , with a note that they are also book and audio , or can I make a discography of the book and record versions ? Im thinking itll be nice to have the pictures of all the book and record sets eventually . What do you think ? --
poke	They go to help , but the water starts breaking out from the water , so they can not help .
poke	Oak wonders if Ash won the Gym battle , but Roxanne says that they have n't had time to battle .
muppet	Second of all , you might be interested that I threw together pages for some of the recurring latter-day counting and number-segment series on the show Rap
starwars	Kesel initially came into the comics world after writing a 10-page letter to editor Dick Giordano regarding the portrayal of female comic book characters .
muppet	Each half-hour episode features original content with local talent as Kami and Zobi . The show also features inserts from Sesame Street dubbed into Nigerian English accents .
starwars	When an individual student achieved satisfactory understanding of the Jedi way , they were usually taken under the wing of another Jedi member and instructed individually to complete their training .
poke	Sheridan whispers `` Aromatherapy '' , so Max overhears that word , seeing that move cures a Pokémon from paralysis .
poke	Instead , it deletes the file because Bill 's PC does n't know how to process Level 0 Pokémon .
muppet	Right now , the examples Scott mentioned are mostly not dealing with milestone episodes or major characters anyway . Theyre on pages for celebrities or one-shot characters , like Newt the Nightwatchman , or Elmos Great Grandmother . I think maybe Danny thought the season or date info was excessive , or it was just to be consistent with that style , Im not sure .
poke	May bumps into the woman , who accuses them of breaking in and scratching the door .
poke	However , Combusken stands in front of May and uses Peck , negating the attack .
starwars	But these Sith did not want to help Rar after examining her , though when White Eyes was convinced he gave the holocron of Darth Vectivus to Rar to give to Caedus .
poke	The group runs , but the water overwhelms them and leads them to the lake Hal spoke of .
poke	But when she returned with her friends , his personality changed for the worse .
muppet	Julia is an autistic , four-year-old girl from Sesame Street , introduced in 2015 as part of the Sesame Street and Autism See Amazing in All Children initiative . She is a young girl with bright orange hair and big green eyes , and is friends with Elmo and Abby Abby .
starwars	Sagwa was among the slaves who participated in the uprising instigated by L3-37 , and was freed by Chewbacca after the Wookiee attacked Sagwa 's guards .
muppet	Obviously , this is how things are for this vote , and its important to see how well it works before judging it . However , I would suggest asking people afterwards how they felt about the process and what they would like to change , if anything . And yes , I might have brought these concerns up during the discussion about voting , but I was busy at work and did not have the time to look in , which really just goes to show the point . - ) -- Laurence GreenReaper } } 2047 , 22 March 2006
starwars	They breached the hull and entered through the engine room .
starwars	Xim 's conquests occurred approximately between 25,130 and 25,100 BBY .
poke	Corphish uses Vice Grip , though Torkoal uses Iron Defense to block the attack and retaliates with Sludge Bomb , wounding Corphish .
muppet	Yeah , its tricky to find the right balance . I think probably the best Stickies would be the things that we feel like we oughta do , but havent gotten around to because theyre kind of too boring for us hardcore editor types . Stuff like paraphrasing the official bios of Sesame actors , if there are any left , or writing a more detailed synopsis for a Fraggle episode . It feels like grunt work to us , because were busy doing the crazy expert stuff , but for a newer editor , it would be a nice way to contribute . --
muppet	Count It Higher Great Music Videos from Sesame Street is a 30-minute direct-to-video compilation originally released on VHS in 1988 , as part of the My Sesame Street Home Video series . The title was reissued on VHS in 1995 under the same title , and on DVD in 2005 simply as Count It Higher .
muppet	Also , sorry about the Stallone episode page .
starwars	Yeager says that he does n't know but Tierny thinks he is lying .
poke	At the battle field , Ash sends Taillow , while Brawly sends his Machop , making May worried if Ash would win this .
poke	Grace appears , demanding to know from which berries are the Pokéblocks made of .
muppet	Bubba the Walrus was seen for the first time in The Animal Show episode `` Episode 121 Walrus
starwars	The Wooden Wookiee was a booth inside the market in Black Spire Outpost on the planet Batuu .
starwars	The explosion took place right in front of Kenobi and Duchess Kryze .
muppet	It also seems that him owning the building is brought up in Episode 0138 if you want to check there .
starwars	After grappling with the animal and sustaining great injury , Vos was once again able to gain control of it .
starwars	Chris Kroffer designed the level .
muppet	Click here to watch more Muppet Babies music https//www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=PL2m1vjiMH_hM9g0g5HBXcVl-BoJ293vkv
starwars	However , the plans were thwarted by Meetra Surik by her assistance in stopping the separatists and killing Vaklu , leaving Colonel Tobin as Nihilus ' contact .
muppet	Nice ! I added the episode numbers and descriptions to Itunes # TV Shows . Of the 12 episodes , we only have guides for three of them . Nine more episodes to add to our collection ; what a treat ! --
muppet	Hey , Tony -- its great to see you back on the wiki ! I hope youre having a good summer ! --
poke	Fearow attacks with Drill Peck , though gets stopped by Arbok , who wrapped its beak .
poke	The taller Max thought Max was making fun of him when he played around with Skitty and was even jealous that Max gets to travel around and see new Pokémon .
poke	The next thing is that Team Rocket is blasted off by a geyser they have been standing on .
poke	Jessie and James decide to capture Pikachu by using Pelipper ; they place more Poké Balls into Pelipper 's mouth , even placing Meowth inside , for he could choose which Pokémon to send .
starwars	It was Brigta who had killed Lucian when she discovered that he was aware of her corruption by the dark side .
muppet	Hey , Brian ! I was wondering when youd notice Cynthia Darlow
poke	Lairon attacks with Shock Wave , but time has run out , making Drew the winner .
starwars	M-OC soon follows in the `` Arrowhead '' .
poke	Jessica ( who is actually Jessie in disguise ) arrives by being lowered the ground .
muppet	If youre talking about trying to list all the songs in Elmo The Musical , that I cant help you with , Im afraid . Whenever I watch SST , I skip those segments .
poke	James promises to talk to the family , but the lad , Vito , points out he ca n't when he sees Vito 's grandma .
muppet	Ive read through this article , and Im not sure I understand why Sesamstrasse in `` in Gonzofan 0619 , May 16 , 2012
starwars	Safely home on Odessen , Jorgan and Kaliyo started arguing , with the Major blaming Kaliyo for the deaths of his men .
poke	Brock reminds them of training schedule , but everybody says they 're going to do tomorrow , saddening Brock , for he worked on the schedule .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Sunny Side Up Show page .
poke	While traveling on Izabe Island , Ash and his friends end up above a Trapinch Labyrinth .
starwars	Some of these imprisoned Delphanians formed the Delphanian Face Gang , headed at one point by Aur Myss .
muppet	New installments of recurring segments `` Elmo the Musical , '' `` Cookies Crumby Pictures '' and `` Super Grover 2.0 '' will debut this season . Count von Count will also host a new `` Number of the Day '' segment featured in every episode
poke	He mentions the Gym Leader , Juan , has helped them out in crafting the building .
poke	As the heroes continues on a door is being shaken and it opens , revealing some Azurill and Marill passing by .
starwars	Master Skywalker agreed to the proposal in 30 ABY , and the new Academy was immediately constructed .
poke	James thinks this is the end , making Jessie and Meowth touched , since they 'd give out water to James the moment they spot it .
starwars	Though it is known that Alpha-956 never used the nearby alarm control to alert the rest of the facility to Katarn 's presence , whether or not he ultimately noticed Katarn remains unclear .
muppet	Im kind of concerned about the use of YouTube links on the wiki . Weve expanded our coverage of individual Sesame Street sketches in a huge way over the last few months , and thats brought in a wave of YouTube links , added by a variety of different contributors . Right now , Ernie and Bert Sketches Apartment has 25 YouTube links .
muppet	The Stage Deli was a New York City delicatessen famous for both its Celebrity clients and its menu , which often references celebrities .
starwars	He was particularly infamous for being ruthless in his tactics and particularly vicious , even by stormtrooper standards , let alone stormtrooper commander standards .
poke	May develops the same strategy as Meowth did - Pelipper uses Water Gun on the balloon , with Pikachu attacking with Thunder , causing Team Rocket to blasts off .
poke	James realizes one of the traps were not activated and stomps , activating the third trap and encasing Team Rocket .
poke	The president shows Max the machines the company has been developing : a Pokémon dream projector , Pokémon speaker and a Pokémon translator , although none have been finished .
starwars	The population of Cyborrea around the year 25 ABY ranged from 100 million to 500 million .
muppet	This list does not include Show walk-arounds built for theme parks , live stage shows or other public appearances .
poke	Pelipper uses Smokescreen ( with Magby inside ) and Razor Leaf ( with Bellsprout inside ) .
poke	Tabitha tells a recruit , who is Lance in disguise , to go with Maxie , who will have to stop Archie .
poke	Elijah admits he was hoping he 'd arrive the village by night , but it is now foiled .
poke	May claims he is crazy , but Alanna corrects her , claiming the King of Tricks is just different .
muppet	This is something Ive wanted to propose for a while now , but its seemed a hard sell considering were still not done making guides for all the episodes yet . On the other hand , having transcripts may not only help move that process along , it might even help us improve the existing guides .
poke	His Masquerain uses Silver Wind to stop the wave , amazing the heroes by its power .
poke	They all go back to work on cleaning the gym 's field , but realize that they need a judge .
poke	James wonders would a set of Eevee 's evolved forms be better , but Meowth yells out if he has even seen an Eevee around .
starwars	Admiral Ackbar informs Skywalker and Nakari that they have a Kupohan contact named Sakhet who runs a small noodle hut on the ecumenopolis world of Denon .
poke	Flareon uses Flamethrower , but unexpected , Jessie 's Wobbuffet absorbs the attack .
starwars	Cronus bombarded Khomm , destroyed the Chardaan Shipyards , and attacked Porus Vida while Daala assembled her forces .
poke	Jessie sees he is right , since they do n't have that much money and have n't seen their enemies , either .
poke	May and Max comment how Corphish should also learn how to show gratitude as well .
starwars	Notably , Palpatine did not force his other disciples to wield red lightsabers , but as they were mere Dark Jedi rather than true Sith , he may have felt that the tradition did not apply .
muppet	Sesame 2.0 Sesame Workshop will unveil three new episodic segments at this years MIPCOM media event in Cannes , France . Super Grover 2.0‎‎ will focus on science and observation as Super Grover investigates and reports around the planet . In Goodnight , Elmo , Louie reads fairy tale stories to get his son to bed , and Count TV provides a new outlet for presenting the number of the day .
starwars	SunnGunn
poke	Joy says those are the Grand Festival rules , so May asks what the Grand Festival is .
poke	Ash is excited , so slides down a slope sends his Torkoal , while Brock sends his Lombre .
starwars	Kanan agrees to serve as the pilot on the condition that Hera serve as the group 's tactician .
muppet	A few days ago I checked `` what links here '' to find EKAs for Wally and Ralph sketches . I found quite a few episode pages with sketch descriptions that previously hadnt been on the Wally and Ralph page , but I couldnt find EKAs for most of the sketches that already had descriptions here . I left a question about it on the talk page of the user who added the info , but I also saw that that user only edited a few articles back in 2007 , so in case I dont hear about his source , Ill park all sketch descriptions with no `` EKA '' .
muppet	In addition to puppetry , Lymboura also works as a freelance animator and visual effects artist through his own company , Moonlight Motion . His visual effects work on the BBC Three sketch comedy series The Wrong Door was nominated for a BAFTA BAFTA Award and won an award from the Royal Television Society . He has worked on multiple BBC projects , and previously developed games for Nintendo 64 , PlayStation and Xbox .
poke	Savannah claims Brock will be in high demand , making Brock think the girls would come to him .
muppet	I know this is not true , and I have proof . In A Muppets Christmas Letters To Santa , Beaker and Bunsen make a machine which grants wishes . Beaker wishes for a girlfriend , and then elopes .
muppet	Although they tell Kermit the Kermit that they cant definitively decide on a name for their act , three female Whatnots present themselves as the Switcheroos in Episode 421 Doug episode 421 of The Muppet Show .
starwars	Immediately thereafter , the Galactic Alliance forces came under attack by a fleet made up of supporters of Corellia 's stance , members of the freshly-formed Confederation .
poke	Giovanni hopes for some better news next time and before he logs off , Persian taunts them .
starwars	The Y-wings were cut off by the Imperial forces led by Commander Karbin .
starwars	Jysella Horn , nicknamed Sella , was a female Human Jedi Knight in the New Jedi Order .
muppet	Hi ! I wanted to see what you thought about something . Do you think it would be a good idea to link the years in performer boxes , or do you think thats not necessary ? I was thinking about it because I was reading the page on Bert , and I saw Franks and Erics years , but the 1969 and other years werent linked , and all the other years on the page arent linked either . So I was wondering how you felt about it . Hope youre doing well ! --
poke	May 's friends decide to go to the Pokémon Center , while she decides to come later on .
poke	Jessie is mad , so she orders Seviper to use Haze , which distracts the twerps .
poke	Birch tells them that Clamperl evolves into Huntail when a Deep Sea Tooth is needed , while into Gorebyss a Deep Sea Scale is required instead .
starwars	Unidentified individual ( Narmle cantina )
poke	The drums are damaged so Roselia , Makuhita , Vileplume and Shroomish are revealed to have been inside the whole time .
starwars	It was held behind her head with a wide , embossed , silver band with three other , smaller bands at intervals down the length of her hair .
poke	Will Groudon and Kyogre destroy the world with their legendary battle or will Lance , Ash and his friends be able to stop the world 's imminent destruction ?
starwars	Also , droids with accumulated memories were often more effective because of their increased practical knowledge and real-world familiarity .
muppet	Can you guys tell me what kind of orchestral score is playing that is followed and preceded by `` Feliz Navidad '' sung by Jose Feliciano where Big Bird has trouble ice-skating ? Danielcelanorocks
muppet	The more familiar opening theme , sung by a childrens chorus , was used from the shows premiere in Season 1 1969 until Season 23 1992 . Throughout this period , the opening theme was accompanied by clips of The children playing on location in a park or city . Various sequences of footage were used and rotated from episode to episode . Big Bird was added to most versions of the sequence starting in season 4 and Barkley was added to the opening in season 10 ; the actual rotation of openings , meanwhile , was replaced outright with new footage in both Season 4 1972 and Season 20 1988 .
starwars	Vos accepts the mission but insists that a companion accompany him .
poke	Meowth claims they only have to get the PokéBlocks and runs off , but bashes into a wall .
muppet	I havent seen any examples of Matt doing the voice of Big Bird earlier than season 30 .
poke	Medicham uses Ice Punch , blowing Seviper and Cacnea away , as well as blasting Team Rocket away .
starwars	Matter and antimatter annihilated each other when they came into contact , releasing huge amounts of energy .
muppet	Hi , thanks for adding the virmup appearnces for The Swedish Chef . Please be careful to not remove information from a page , as you did with the Daisy Dukes picture and description . Thanks ! Scott
starwars	The adventure presents the player characters with the option of either defending the temple ( which would entail failure of the original mission ) or refusing the defend the temple in order to resume their mission ( which would entail that the temple is raided ) .
muppet	By the late 1970s/early 1980s , he became more involved with other projects , and therefore mainly just performed his characters in inserts rather than in the main street plots . However , he was still involved in related productions , performing his characters in the first Sesame Street movie , Follow That Bird , performing his characters voices in various Sesame Street Live shows , and also performing in Christmas Eve on Sesame Street , Big Bird in China , Dont Eat the Pictures , The Sesame Street Special , and Sesame Street 20 and Still Counting . In the last production mentioned , Henson also appeared as himself in two scenes . He was also interviewed on The Sesame Street Experiment and Sing ! Sesame Street Remembers Joe Raposo and His Music .
poke	Motivated by the book , Mr. Moore decided to go on a journey to be a great Pokémon poet , leaving Flannery in charge of the Gym .
poke	Ash cheers on for Treecko , who stands up , but falls down , fainting from exhaustion .
muppet	Learn more at https//www.princess.com/ships-and-experience/onboard-experience/entertainment/
muppet	There seems to be some sort of problem with the `` featured appearances '' section . It was like that before I last edited this page , and when I edited I tried to figure out the problem , and couldnt . When I previewed my edit , it was actually formated like the `` sketches '' listing , but when I edited it was back to how it was . Does anybody know what the problem is ? -- User Minor muppetz 2007 , 23 October 2007
poke	Jenny brings them to the Pokémon Center , where Nurse Joy oversees the situation .
poke	Juan arrives to the stage and waves his hands , as the water is being splashed up to the sky , creating a rainbow .
starwars	Its bartender , Malric Blaene was widely known for his gossip .
poke	May tells Savannah that she needs to give her best , no matter who she battles and anything less would be an insult to the opponent .
poke	The heroes decide to spend some time at the ranch , while Julie offers a battle with May 's Skitty , who got them in the trouble with the Slugma .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1631 , September 26 , 2009
poke	This makes Brock happy , but falls down , hearing Natalie would do that because he is `` her boyfriend '' .
poke	However , when it evolved into Loudred , it became more courageous , but became more stubborn as well .
starwars	They were made canon when mentioned in `` '' , a mobile game released by DeNA Co. , Ltd. in 2014 .
muppet	Hey Andrew , I saw your edit on the `` Good Morning Starshine '' page about the linking to Fuzzyface Alex
poke	Max comes to the top of the cliff and promises he will wait patiently for his first Pokémon , as the Wailord is swimming .
muppet	PS Who is Lieutenant Powers ? --
muppet	The special will feature original songs written by frequent Muppet collaborator Paul Williams , who will also appear in the special as an elf .
muppet	`` He also has grandparents ; in contrast to his counting summoning thunder and lightning , his grandmother can make it rain , and his grandfather can make it snow . '' Whats the source for this ? A book ? An episode ? Did they appear or were they just mentioned ? --
starwars	They were cousins to the Issori species , with whom they shared their homeworld .
starwars	They succeeded only partially , with Skywalker clinging to the edge of the wall , while Kenobi and Dooku held on to his legs .
poke	They come to Drew , who admits that technique he was training will be used in the Grand Festival .
starwars	Sky Ridge Island was a mountainous island located on the planet Rishi , north of Horizon Island .
starwars	Star Wars : Search Your Feelings
starwars	With nothing left to lose , they decided to awaken the pod , and even more shockingly , Kix emerged .
muppet	I think this is it ? I hope .
poke	James thinks the poacher must 've moved on already , but Arbok lies on the ground , wanting to sense the location of the poacher .
muppet	Id like to put them all onto either SiriusXM Satellite Radio or move them onto Muppet Radio and deleting the page for SirusXM Satellite Radio
starwars	Triple Zero mentions that Dr Aphra is in the hands of some organics .
starwars	The Fleet of the Glorious Defender Queen was a Hapan warfleet that saw action during the Dark Nest Crisis .
starwars	He was brought to Majoor , but as he was being marched to prison , his droid escort was destroyed by a young Majooran called Llez .
starwars	Baka rock was a type of music invented by Gamorreans .
starwars	Both men regarded the rebel plan as ingenious .
starwars	A male Quarren from the planet Dac , Tikkes was a profitable businessman who eventually found he could earn greater wealth representing the Calamari system .
poke	Team Rocket takes Bulbasaur , though May grabs on the robotic arm , which places them in the storage unit .
muppet	What Sesame Street album was this song on ? It doesnt appear to be in any of our current listings .
starwars	Famous alchemists include Darth Plagueis and his apprentice Darth Sidious ; Plagueis for his ability to manipulate midi-chlorians and Sidious for writing the `` Dark Side Compendium '' .
muppet	I only saw John and Cheryl . Am I missing something ? Scott
muppet	I just wanted to say that the transcript of
poke	Pikachu uses Thunder , but Slakoth dodges and uses Blizzard , damaging Pikachu .
starwars	A distinguished starfighter pilot , Skywalker initially enjoyed his command of the shuttle , but a lack of extensive experience with the shuttle 's particular control layout led to some difficulty in using its communication systems , though the issue was soon rendered moot by sabotage .
muppet	Good afternoon ! I am curious as to why my edit was reverted on
muppet	Balconism — Opening FREAK-end When a horror movies release date coincides with its subject matter .
poke	The stone Poké Ball itself rolls into the lake , at exactly the same place where Claydol was sealed before .
starwars	Zayne decides that in order to find clues as to why the Jedi on Taris turned on their own Padawans , something must have happened on the Rogue moon where he had had a training mission a couple of days earlier .
starwars	As they died , they released a toxic excretion into Bane 's body that would leave him dead within days unless treated .
muppet	The Bert and Ernie Show was the first stage show at Sesame Place , on a stage set up in the Entry Court . When the theme park opened in 1980 , there werent any Sesame Place walk-around characters ; this show introduced their first four characters Bert , Ernie , a Green Honker and a Pink Honker .
poke	Juan explains during his years of Contest performances , he learned a Pokémon 's appearance should be pristine , hence Milotic 's Recover had to be learned .
starwars	Under the cover of a meteor shower that caused Rishi Station to raise its deflector shields , a squad of BX-series commando droids descended to the Rishi moon in `` Droch '' -class boarding ships .
starwars	Garaint was still an up-and-coming bounty hunter by the time of the Galactic Empire 's invasion of Kheedar .
muppet	One of the Borogove birds appeared before this appearance in Episode 424 Diana episode 424 , where he had no long feet , but wings . One of the birds also appears in Debbie Debbie Harrys `` One Way or Another '' number in Episode 509 Debbie episode 509 , and in Jean-Pierre Jean-Pierres dressing room , along with other birds , in Episode 510 Jean-Pierre episode 510 .
starwars	Lady Carise then uses doctored footage of Ransolm shaking hands with Hadrassian to frame the junior senator for the Napkin Bombing and the assassination of Senator Tai-Lin Garr .
starwars	The Commander chose to ally with the Republic and helped defend their base against the Imperial assault , after which the Commander and Theron went into a weapons cache to retrieve Iokath weapons and knowledge on how to use them .
poke	Ash and Pikachu climbed up a rope , so Rocky turns the machine , spinning them .
muppet	Could someone help me ? I acceidentaly made my name as a Muppet Mention and I dont know how to undo it . Danny , Dean , Warric , Scarecroe or someone please help . -- User Big V 1928 , 12 April 2006
muppet	Oh , and if anyone wants to clean-up and format the notes , feel free too . I just pasted it exactly as I had it in the word doc , but while there was no real spacing , some breaks between passages seem to have vanished .
poke	Meowth thinks it would look good on boss ' ring , but realizing it would be quite heavy for a ring , he claims the boss can wear it on his crown .
poke	As they are to go back to the submarine , Relicanth appear around them and are quite angry .
poke	Ash claims he wants to get there before dark , but May mentions she had a bike , so Ash decides to slow down .
poke	May mistakes them to be Venusaur , Charmander and Squirtle , but Max corrects her to be Ivysaur , Charmeleon and Blastoise .
starwars	Its design formed the basis for the Imperial Shuttles .
poke	Jessie and James are disappointed when they hear so much encouragement from a member of Team Rocket .
starwars	Infamous symbols of the Imperial Military like the `` Imperial '' -class Star Destroyer , All Terrain Armored Transport , and TIE/LN starfighter show the valued principles of military dominance over the galaxy .
poke	Whiscash launches Hyper Beam ; Swellow is bashed on a pillar , which falls down .
poke	Max claims there must be trap doors and knocks on a wall , only to find the exit .
starwars	Myneyrshi were excellent hunters and trackers—they had the ability to move through a forest without making any noise whatsoever .
muppet	I know Im usually all for creating silly pages , but this one seems kinda bland . --
starwars	From a young age , Boba was trained by his father in combat skills , both in hand-to-hand combat and weapons , able to handle a blaster at a young age while being deadly in battle scenarios .
starwars	As he progressed through his journey , Kestis became significantly more competent in the use of his lightsaber and displayed impressive skill in the use of a single- , double- and Jar'Kai dual-blade combat .
poke	Joshua claps for the performance , but Erica glares him , causing him to grin and stop clapping .
poke	Brock explains to Max this kind of arguing is between a man and a woman since the dawn of time .
starwars	For the mission , Joph flew his X-wing while Leia and her team traveled in her personal starship `` Mirrorbright '' .
poke	She remembers when she was packing things for her journey , her mother , Caroline , came to inform her Max would be going as well .
starwars	However , while those crystals were rare even in the Adega system , Ilum presented to the Jedi Order entire caves full of high-quality crystals .
poke	Team Rocket puts the Feebas in a lake to swim in the water , however , its color fades , revealing that it 's really a Magikarp .
poke	Adam tells Evelyn they lost the treasure chest , but Evelyn tells him she tracked Team Rocket down , who are on a beach with the chest and are preparing to unlock it .
starwars	It may have been the homeworld of the hssiss , although hssiss were also found on Ambria , Vjun , and Korriban .
muppet	In fact , through his work on Sesame Street , Raposo deliberately set out to cross the forced boundaries between pop music and childrens songs . Some educators have complained that the music on Sesame Street is too sophisticated for little ears , that we should curb the spontaneity of blues and rock and instead teach the children `` Mary Had a Little Lamb . '' But what most educators dont realize is that the lamb left the nursery the day they brought the TV set in . Children are now exposed to and learn to love every conceivable style of music ... And the beauty of our music is maybe that the child in the Grosse Pointe home is hearing gospel and blues for the first time and the black child in the urban ghetto is hearing the harpsichord and the flute for the first time . Someday , when they grow up , theyll have one more thing in common .
muppet	Apparently they even customized their trains for the attraction in Osaka . I dont know in what way to add this
poke	However , though caught , Corphish is still a ruffian as it introduced itself by whacking all the other Pokémon on the head .
poke	Brock sees there is no dull moment with Snorunt around , though Max notices May is gone .
muppet	Bertha appears in the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 224 Buggin '' and in the 2001 storybook , Bugged by Bugs .
muppet	Also , if you want to know who has worked on a page , click the `` history '' tab at the top . --
poke	Torchic begins to speed up , as the slope is quite narrow and bashes into a rock .
muppet	Some of his most well known works have been used in a number of Muppet productions , including
starwars	Shortly later , Kordi Freemaker , who was disguised as Princess Alo Kortessi , entered the `` Rancor 's Fist '' and attempted to exchange an Eta-2 Actis-class light interceptor for Graballa 's unwanted shuttle .
starwars	To cover up the military embarrassment caused by Rancit 's betrayal , the HoloNet made the attacks appear to be an elaborate attempt to draw out and destroy rebel cells .
poke	Ash replies he is here for a Gym battle , exciting the girl , seeing she has a new challenger .
starwars	The video then flashes forward to Anakin and Kenobi sparring with Count Dooku aboard the `` Invisible Hand '' .
poke	May acts reclusive , even if Max tells her to show what a daughter of Petalburg Gym Leader can do .
poke	Professor Jacuzzi arrives and activates a machine , so Gulpin disappear in a purple light , as Jacuzzi fires the Gulpin out of his vehicle , via a cannon .
poke	Fearow gusts away the smoke , revealing Meowth , enduring the electrical pain to open the cage .
muppet	Kermits Swamp is one of Kermit the Frogs Kermits homes . It was first shown in The Muppet Movie , and has since made several subsequent appearances . Although The Muppet Movie does not specify the Swamps location , many reviews of the film , including that of Vincent Canby for The New York Times
starwars	The human male Wedge Antilles served as Phantom Leader during the liberation of Kashyyyk , and the Battle of Jakku .
muppet	A chicken plays the song on the saloon piano in a western sketch in Episode 220 Petula episode 220 of The Muppet Show .
poke	They contact Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny , who receive help from Professor Jacuzzi , who decides to stop the Gulpin .
muppet	The puppet also appeared during Mopatops introduction to the Mopatops Shop episode `` Episode 127 Singa Singa Songa '' .
starwars	Despite their concerns , Merei and Zare agreed to conceal Beck 's actions because they were teammates .
starwars	He brought the chemicals aboard the ship of his ally , the Jedi Knight known as the Hero of Tython , and completed the mixture there .
muppet	Also , theres a `` Fifteen Seconds of Love '' sketch were Grover and Rosita explain love in only fifteen seconds . In it , Rosita kisses Grover . My printer is very choppy , so could you please take it for me ? -User BRAINULATOR9
muppet	What is The Ubiquitous Pig ? --
starwars	The Elrood Sector Fleet was an Imperial Sector Fleet , assigned to the defense of Elrood sector during the Galactic Civil War , commanded by Moff Villis Andal .
starwars	The retreat was cut short , however , when B2 battle droid reinforcements surrounded Steela 's extraction team and forced her troopers to surrender their weapons—much to the dismay of the Onderonian citizens , who had come to see Saw 's rebels as allies , and Rash 's Separatists as intruding invaders .
muppet	The song was featured in the The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 103 The Kings The Kings Beard '' .
muppet	Big Birds Birdtime Stories is a 1980 Sesame Street LP that features famous fairy tales , told by the Sesame cast . This album was nominated for a Grammy Grammy Award for Best Recording for Children , but lost to In Harmony A Sesame Street Record .
starwars	He directed the ensuing operation to obtain the means to liberate the Jedi Master—later revealed to be the legendary Revan—which involved obtaining a Gree key .
starwars	He walks to his favorite table , where decades earlier Corlac brought him to meet with Wenda and Bett .
poke	However , just as she and Beautifly have some good results , a boy named Drew appears and starts belittling May .
muppet	No , I mean repeating the writer/director info on the two episode pages .
starwars	Its original purpose was to provide Klatooinians a chance to work on planets far from Klatooine .
starwars	A Clawdite bounty hunter , Cato Parasitti stood at 1.79 meters tall .
poke	May shows her two ribbons she won and knows it is n't impressive , but the crowd is amazed May won so many ribbons in so little time .
muppet	Jim took detailed notes , doodling ideas and suggestions . On July 14th , preparing for the second meeting planned for July 19th-21st , he taped two pieces which he had written . The first , called `` Sulfuric Cake '' was about miscommunication and ended with a cake in the face . The second , called `` Dilemma '' related to honesty and taking responsibility for one ’ s actions and failed to come to a full resolution . In-house correspondence indicated that Jim was excited about this project , eager to be involved with the production , and he took a big group up to the July meeting including Jerry Juhl , Frank Oz , his producer Diana Birkenfield , Jane Henson , Joe Raposo and others . CTW ’ s Gerald Lesser provided those attending with an overview summing up the basic concept `` The show is a new experiment ... in whether television can be used to increase a childs psychological awareness of his own thoughts and feeling as well as those of others . '' Apparently , a decision was made to abandon the project as Jim made no further mention of it and no programming was produced . Some of the ideas from the show resurfaced in 1983 when Jim began developing his never-produced show , Starboppers .
muppet	My name is Lisa Alexander . Im the `` intern '' over at http//themuppetmindset.blogspot.com/ The Muppet Mindset , which basically means I try to proofread for spelling/grammatical errors and occasionally contribute articles . Ive been an Obsessed Muppet Fan for about six years now , and since I once again have access to play the Muppet Treasure Island Muppet Treasure Island computer game I was addicted to as a child , I figure I might finally have something useful to contribute around here . If not , Ill just fix all the comma splices .
muppet	Im sorry in advance if Im going to open up a firestorm of discussion , but do we really need to have this video on the page ? I guess its all a matter of opinion , but I just dont see why . --
starwars	She discovered that her master , Eno Cordova , who she had thought to be dead , had been rescued by the Daa Corporation , and believed that they were in the right .
poke	While Franklin tries to find Wurmple , May found some Pecha Berries for Franklin .
muppet	Weve been using a guideline for Unfinished projects that we dont have on the Muppet Wiki and Policies and Guidelines page yet . Before I add it to that page , I want to clarify something ...
muppet	`` Going Camping '' was sung by John Denver and the Muppets in Rocky Mountain Holiday , when they hike to their campsite . The cast all appears in small groups during the song Kermit the Frog , John Denver , Gonzo , and Robin the Frog appear in one group , Fozzie Bear , Rowlf the Rowlf , and Scooter appear in another group , and Floyd Pepper , Janice , and Rizzo the Rat appear in the other group .
poke	Brock sends Mudkip and Lombre to help , who use Water Gun , and along with Pikachu 's Thunder , the dent is removed .
poke	The heroes tell one of them can preserve the garden and allow it to thrive for everyone .
starwars	Cooper , his gang , and the Rebels fled the establishment , but were pursued by speeder bikes and a flitter airspeeder .
starwars	Some men grew and sculpted their facial hair into mustaches , goatees , and other formations .
muppet	Betsy Baytos pirate ship On the set of the pirate ship in Episode 507 Glenda episode 507
poke	Ash and May spot the last boat going , so May begins to cry , but thanks Ash and Pikachu for supporting her and decides to find Max and Brock .
poke	Janet explains the Pokémon 's first entry should impress the judges and with enough marvelous attacks , the judges can evaluate how good the Pokémon and Coordinator were .
starwars	His Force powers kept Rajine and her zombies contained in the city on the remote world .
starwars	They were heading towards the Troiken spaceport where Gallia and the pilot would steal a Combine ship to return the politicians to Coruscant , in order to inform the Galactic Senate and Jedi Council of the war 's proceedings .
muppet	Is http//www.hiddenmickeysguide.com/item.php ? aid=680 this whats meant to be the hidden Kermit ? He doesnt look like Kermit to me ... was he nicknamed as such by park employees or something ? As cool as the mention seems , Im not sure its relevant unless the Imagineers had the intention and we could back up the claim . Scott
starwars	Garrett was a male Human captain serving the reconstituted Sith Empire living during the Galactic War .
muppet	Q With all the new advances in technology , is there anything theyd still like to be able to do technically ?
starwars	The droid was defective , and despite hours of long work clan 's mechanic failed to completely repair it .
poke	The man is Prof. Birch , who is studying a Wingull 's nest , but it gets attacked , so he lands on a Loudred .
starwars	As distributor of the first six installments of the `` Star Wars '' saga , the openings of the films of the original and prequel trilogies feature 20th Century Fox Fanfare accompanying the Fox logo , their usage having been insisted upon by George Lucas , which has contributed to the duo 's resurge of usage in the film studio 's productions .
muppet	Hi , Danny . I just got mail to Wikia from Januarius asking why he was blocked . Looking over his contributions it doesnt seem like he was trying to be rude it seems more like hes just new to the community and doesnt get the social expectations . He seems like he would be willing to talk about it would you think about unblocking him and giving him a little bit more information about how the community works and why his edits werent productive ? Im leaving this up to you over here ; Im replying to him letting him know I would be asking you about it . Thanks , Mindspillage Wikia
muppet	Im hoping youll take heed of this message . Again , its imperative for you to establish communication and reply to your talk page messages
poke	Ash and Brock support her about the idea , while Max reminds her being a Coordinator is a tough job , though May promises to do her best .
muppet	My names Scott , Im one of the hosts here . Youre welcome to add your first name to your user page to help others in the community get to know you better .
poke	A drawer is falling , so May rushes to protect Max , but the drawer is pushed away by Shuppet 's Psychic .
starwars	While Sloane visited Vidian 's Calcoraan Depot , Chamas stayed aboard the `` Ultimatum '' where he monitored the loading of the cargo freighters .
poke	Birch knows Pikachu must 've received too much electricity and is randomly discharging it , since he is unable to release electricity properly .
muppet	The picture of Oscar driving a truck is a scene from Episode 1093 .
muppet	Hey Andrew -- have you seen Talk and Julius with the question about the ordering of the names ? ? Michael says he got the name sequence from Cliff Roberts , which you started originally . Did you have a source , or should we go with what Sesame Workshop is calling it
muppet	Didnt Donizetti also do the Alphabet Rap sketch ? I dimly recall the rapper introducing himself by a similar-sounding name . -- 66.222.126.138 1126 , July 11 , 2006
poke	Team Rocket opens the balloon and flies off , then steal the people 's Pokémon , including Medicham and Beautifly .
muppet	The Count was featured as a guest blogger on YouTubes official blog . http//youtube-global.blogspot.com/2013/03/zero-makes-counting-billion-times-more.html
poke	James and Meowth begin to cry , but Jessie is n't amused - to her , life is exchanging old for new things ( including houses ) , for there must be progress .
muppet	Abelardo is a green , Full-Bodied full-bodied Muppet parrot who appears on Plaza Sésamo , the Mexican Sesame co-production of Sesame Street . Abelardo , originally called Serapio Montoya , joined the cast in 1981 and soon became the shows most recognizable figure . Originally , the character had a more parrot-like voice and was a little dopier . After Lola and Pancho joined the show , Abelardo became more playful and childlike .
poke	Grumpig strikes with Bounce and May orders Combusken to use Fire Spin , but on the ceiling .
muppet	I havent attempted to add them anywhere because I know nothing about their origins ``
poke	Brock admits he always loves aromatherapy as much as Eliza , causing him to be pulled once again by Max .
muppet	Hee . I was wondering when I was gon na catch heat for that , either here or on the forum . But nobody said anything to me personally . I particularly liked your first revision , though . ) -- TomH 0134 , 6 Jan 2006
poke	Generally , the name 'M is used to refer to the most common of these glitches , whose internal identifier is codice_1 .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0844 , August 31 , 2010
muppet	On June 28 , 2006 , Kermit made a surprise appearance on Good Morning America for Charlie Charlie Gibsons farewell as the shows co-anchor . Referring to a picture of Gibson and his family posing with Kermit from a few years earlier , Gibson affectionately referred to Kermit as his `` adopted son '' , to which the famed frog began this exchange with Gibson
poke	Will Ash manage to win on his first try , or will this end up like his first Gym Battle back in Pewter City all over again ?
muppet	To promote Sesame Street Season 15 Season 15 , Hirschfeld produced a caricature of the then-current cast and characters , including Emilio Delgado , and The Muppet characters Big Bird , Bert and Ernie , Oscar the Grouch , Grover , Count von The Count , Barkley , and Cookie Monster . The drawing was reproduced in the accompanying booklet for Old School Volume 1 ; as with most Hirschfeld drawings , several `` Ninas '' were included .
poke	The Thunder goes into the sky and back to Team Rocket , negating their electric-proof balloon and blasting them off .
starwars	With the approval of Emperor Palpatine , the prototype lacked shields , but it also lacked the structural integrity to support atmospheric flight , so later designs were adapted to include stronger pylons .
muppet	What do you Think ?
muppet	Part 3 David and Maria have been at this for years now , and are showing their old age . Many , many items have piled up as David guesses Maria is asking for a shovel and pail , a live skunk , and a boat . David says he needs a break from 68 years of guessing , and drinks a glass of water . Maria goes crazy over the beverage , so David offers her some . Maria refreshed , David asks to continue guessing what agua means .
starwars	Although the Death Star was gone , the Alliance lost 27 starfighters ( including 20 X-wings ) in the assault .
starwars	Copilots are chosen from the four current Crew Members on the Support Crew , and each copilot grants a different active ability in addition to their passive bonuses when selected as the copilot .
muppet	Hi Danny What year was the above mentioned style guide produced ? That tidbit would be a useful addition to the Style Guide page . Thanks ! — Tom
starwars	The Jedi effortlessly caught the lightning and deflected it back at Dooku , who again deflected it into a nearby wall .
muppet	A talking Muppet rock appeared in Episode 301 Kris Kristofferson
poke	The man demands to get Ralts , but Max sees Ralts is scared of the man , who replies Ralts ' fever has its mind affected .
starwars	As they flew past the asteroids to the next jump point , the Azzameens and Dunari dodged laser batteries and even a flight of TIE advanced starfighters .
muppet	Jim Hensons Muppet Babies Live ! was the first of three live stage shows based on Muppet Babies produced by VStar Entertainment VEE Corporation . The Muppet Babies first appeared live on stage in VEEs 1985 show The Muppet Show On Tour 2nd Edition . Muppet Babies Live ! premiered the following year , in 1986 .
starwars	During the Galactic Civil War , many bounty hunters found droids of this model very useful and effective in tracking their prey throughout the galaxy .
muppet	Hey , Scott , I added a new Muppet Show bootleg to the list . Since its the first one since the block , do we have to do anything else ? --
muppet	I think the Quilp is actually the alligator . He slithers around wherever the little orange guy goes -- hence , he is ubiquitous . --
starwars	Edward McGill
starwars	As Janard gave a heartfelt goodbye , Tano ordered Wren to get out of the crashed freighter , and the two jumped back into the ocean and went back to the `` Ghost '' .
starwars	Panther One
starwars	By 32 BBY , other predatory beasts , known for their particular ferocities but held as yet in reserve , were being negotiated by Gardulla to join the garden 's other denizens at some point in the future .
starwars	However , the tables turned and it began to suffer a series of defeats , which led to the Outer Rim Sieges .
poke	Max refuses to believe in all of this , though Norman finally realizes and decides to explain everything to them once he gets home .
poke	Rico is about to bring out his Tyranitar , but Jenny 's Growlithe seizes Tyranitar 's Poké Ball , so Rico is arrested .
poke	The heroes decide to accompany them , while Team Rocket plans on stealing his equipment .
muppet	John Goodman guest-starred on Episode 104 John episode 104 of Muppets Tonight , played the Tough Guy Helpline Operator in Sesame Street All-Star 25th Birthday Stars and Street Stars and Street Forever and appeared in some sketches with Telly Monster on Sesame Street .
poke	Just as they curse their luck , the heroes see a giant ship , presumably Team Magma 's base .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Video Games Mentions page .
poke	Meowth thinks that their boss would use them for bowling , though they would smash the building .
poke	Annie felt it had a little bit of a wild personality , although it would n't do something like that .
poke	Pikachu attacks Corphish with Thunderbolt , to which Corphish uses Bubble Beam to retaliate .
poke	She enters the room , seeing a giant Pokémon , named Kyogre , tied to a machine .
poke	May thinks despite standing still , Cacturne looks scary , shocking Harley more at such words .
muppet	Lulu features prominently in `` Everybody Nap '' and the 2000 remake of `` What is Friend ? `` , in the ensemble for such songs as `` One Small Voice '' with the Backstreet Boys and `` Take a Turn '' , and in the background of the opening shot from Elmos Musical Adventure Peter and the Wolf .
muppet	The translation of קיפוד is actually `` hedgehog , '' according to http//milon.morfix.co.il/Default.aspx Milon , a Hebrew-English dictionary . Hedgehogs and porcupines are often confused by laypeople , although they are not part of the same family .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1353 , July 24 , 2010
starwars	This device stimulated chemicals in the brain in order to significantly enhance general problem solving and data processing abilities .
muppet	Anyone know who the backing vocals are ? Theres four Muppets in the song -- two Anything Muppets and two cows -- but I think there are only two additional singers , my guess Richard and Jim . -- User riverbottom 0215 , November 10 , 2009
starwars	Fissol 's local contact
poke	The geyser is starting to activate , so Treecko and Hariyama stand on the holes , ready to be thrown into the air .
muppet	And now Im thinking of all kinds of other stuff they used to show in English and Spanish , sometimes together in the same episode . The speech balloon L-Light was done as `` luz '' , and the H cartoon where somebody keeps calling for Harold was done with `` Hello '' and `` Hola '' over the persons head . And then there was a Muppet sketch where this girl is talking about the number 11 , and the whole set turns upside down to show that 11 looks the same upside down . That one used to freak me out ! I was like , `` How did they do that ? ''
muppet	We have a page for the latter , distinguished as `` agent '' from the other Manny pages . But the earlier agent is also named Manny . Its certainly not the same character , so is there a way we can properly distinguish the two ?
starwars	Farnor took to acts of piracy and terrorism , attacking unarmed freighters and scout vessels in Imperial space .
poke	May already plans to get there and earn her final ribbon , since they will arrive to the town today .
starwars	Padaunete , meanwhile , used the show as a platform to attack the Jedi , calling them a cult that did not understand the concept of a mother 's love .
muppet	As a voice actor , Dolk has dubbed cartoon roles on Batman The Animated Series . Live actors dubbed by Dolk include Michael Jordan in Space Jam , George Clooney and Bill Paxton in the Spy Kids movies , Kenneth Branagh and Brendan Gleeson in the Harry Potter series , and Timothy Dalton in Looney Tunes Back in Action .
poke	May admits she 's quite scared , but Ash reminds her what Mr. Big said : if she is nervous , then the Pokémon will be as well .
starwars	The purpose of the presentation was to convince the Elders to bring Cerea into the Republic so that it could benefit from its technological and scientific advances .
starwars	It had extremely high security and a factory where prisoners were forced to work everyday .
poke	Brock , Ash and May tell her they are looking for Max , so Annie tells them he must be at the lab .
starwars	Herian 's second mission with Rogue Squadron took her to Malrev IV in an effort to rescue the Bothan `` Starfaring '' .
starwars	Rey escaped aboard the `` Falcon '' with Poe , Finn , Chewbacca , and the droids .
muppet	The Sesame Street license continued when the company was bought by Hasbro in 1984 . Hasbro still maintains the Milton Bradley and Playskool brands .
starwars	Karen Traviss 's Republic Commando novels have mentioned that the Contingency Orders were taught and not programmed , resulting in several clones ignoring the order and/or refusing to go through with it outright , even `` normal '' ( that is , a non-Commando , ARC , or any other special-forces clone ) clones such as RC-5108/8843 `` Corr . ''
starwars	Subsequently , Barkale was rescued by Mara Jade , who was on Kintoni by chance , on the run from forces loyal to Ysanne Isard .
starwars	Rusk and Privates Edder , Reico , Vanth , Voshpar , and Dromol opened fire as the Imperials charged , and the Hero quickly leapt into the fray .
muppet	So theres at least 12 segments . Theres also the recurring segments Big Birds Video Postcards , Murray Has a Little Lamb .
muppet	Hi , thanks for taking a crack at the Bob McGrath article . What are your sources for the new additions ? Scott
muppet	Bareilles appeared in Sesame Street
muppet	Hi , nice job on the new page for Natalie . Just so you know , we dont add on extra descriptors as part of a characters name for the article title unless they were specifically referred to as such . So , Natalie the Cow would just be Natalie , or Natalie with cow in parenthesis to disambiguate . See Muppet Wiki Naming Conventions for more .
muppet	You certainly seem to know your history , especially when it comes to the puppet builders . Would you care to tell us who you are so that we can add your name to the community portal ?
starwars	In 27 ABY , the Yuuzhan Vong overwhelmed the New Republic 's defenses at the latter 's capital world of Coruscant .
poke	Grovyle attacks Altaria with Bullet Seed , though Altaria goes up and attacks with Dragon Breath .
poke	The woman , named Winona , goes to pick another child to the flight with Skarmory , but Brock appears with his flirting scheme , following Max who pulls his ear .
muppet	And , I was just thinking that some of these Japanese merchandise pages should be done in the same way as the Sesame Street Episode Guide format . Just a thought . MasterYoshi 1035 , 21 January 2007
starwars	Gian speeder
starwars	The `` Ghost '' pilot Hera Syndulla remarked upon the captain 's inexperience .
starwars	Rex and Ahsoka made their way to the hangar bay controls and opened the main hangar doors , where they found they were awaited by a large force of clone troopers led by the ARC trooper Jesse .
poke	Serena expels Jimmy from the Judge institute , saying he will become a much better trainer than a judge .
muppet	Should the transcript be removed in favor of the video ? --
poke	Tommy does not give up , but Swampert is mad , as the Swampert thinks Tommy abandoned it .
muppet	Thanks , guys . I added my reference to the first article , but the title of that article is hard to find using the search engine , since the wiki does have a page called Marionettes . Is there another title that would make the page easier to find ? — Tom
muppet	Hi , its great to see pages for all those Puppet Up characters ! Ive added pictures for some of them -- those that were in the TBS special . Theres also an open discussion about identifying names and information for some other puppets over at Category talk Up ! Characters if you care to chime in . Thanks ! — Scott
poke	Inside the laboratory , Eliza shows a lot of potions , which are fragrances from grass-type Pokémon .
muppet	This character appeared in some UK Spots on Muppets Tonight under the name Carter , where he was Howard Pudmans butler . Im sure that this is supposed to be the same character but with a different name
starwars	It used a low powered targeting laser to fire continuously at a target .
poke	Still heading for Cerosi Town and the ferry to Sootopolis City , Ash and his friends stop at a Pokémon Center to stay warm as a blizzard approaches .
muppet	Richard Bradshaw is an Australian puppeteer . He and his shadow puppets were featured as guests on The Muppet Show Episode 122 Ethel episode 122 .
muppet	Ive been working on creating a format for book reissues -- you can see it on My Name Is Elmo . The original edition shouldnt be in the gallery -- that gets the top picture , and then the gallery is for the reissues . Also -- we decided that were not giving full dates for merchandise releases ; just the year .
starwars	If Revan encountered Bandon on the Wookiee homeworld of Kashyyyk , he is accompanied by two Dark Jedi wearing armor .
starwars	They duel Lord Vader but are stopped by a man , who resembles Cylo-IV .
muppet	I knew it wasnt a big deal , but at the time I was curious .
starwars	As Luke is going to Coruscant , he offers command of his own Twin Suns Squadron to Jaina so she can use psychological warfare against the Yuuzhan Vong by posing as an avatar of Yun-Harla , the Vong 's Trickster Goddess .
poke	After finishing breakfast , Ash and Shauna start arguing with each other , making May think they are like mirror copies of each other .
starwars	`` While Captain Doza meets with the First Order , Torra , Kaz , and BB-8 sneak around on their own secret mission . ''
poke	An ice asteroid crashed , destroying the ship and splitting the lovers , as Xatu fell into the void .
poke	Ash reminds Max he 's powerful too and goes to Pokémon Center to get his Pokémon checked up .
starwars	The Wookiee reveled in the chance to fight alongside and once again protect his master .
muppet	Hey , I finally got around to giving Linda Bove some love
starwars	Armbrus was used as part of the story that Sleightan told to potential marks as part of a scam routine .
starwars	Later Luke won the race but Kenuun now wanted to get the head money of Han and Tobin .
muppet	Langridge says that the comic will run beyond the initial four parts `` As far as my work schedule is concerned , The Muppet Show Comic is an ongoing monthly series , but BOOM ! Studios want to re-start the numbering every four issues for marketing reasons . So the next four-issue story arc is called `` The Treasure of Peg Leg Wilson '' , in which rumours of a hidden treasure inside the theater lead to , one hopes , hilarious complications -- all this as a background subplot to the usual songs , sketches and so forth . Nothing radically different to the initial four issues , except the subplot element is a bit stronger . And that will lead us into the next four-issue arc , which is a logical progression from this one , I hope . ''
starwars	With the assistance of Guri , Howzmin secured the bounty hunter disguises for Leia ( Boushh ) and Chewbacca ( Snoova ) .
starwars	They had a life span that averaged three years in the wild , and reached up to ten years in captivity .
muppet	Its been almost 2 years since we last awarded quality status to an article here . Now Im sure we have some new quality work here on the wiki that should be highlighted , recognized and showcased as an example of Muppet Wiki at its best . Weve all somewhat neglected nominating and voting on new quality articles . I think we should start User/Quality article nominating and voting again ! If not , perhaps we should just abandon the whole concept
muppet	Zap Mama is a Belgian musical group founded by Marie Daulne . The group performs in both English and French , and specializes in harmonic music infused with African instruments , Street R
starwars	He used to be located in the city of Mos Entha on Tatooine , and would give a quest to players which involved a storyline about the B'omarr Order .
poke	Thatcher calls Plusle and Minun , who run to him and start playing with Ash 's Pikachu .
muppet	A Sesame Street float first appeared in the parade in 1974 ,
poke	While another being lies in Team Aqua 's possession , Pikachu starts attacking , being controlled by the Blue Orb .
muppet	I love it . Also , going through the list , outside of teeny Thaddeus , mayors in the Muppet universe * are * pretty darn useless . Im still working on President of the United States
poke	The heroes and Mary are offended , claiming Solrock could not cause the water shortage .
starwars	It was the third in position in the Essesia system and had one moon .
muppet	Jim Tutter is a relative of Tutters . He appeared in the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 317 The Tutter Family The Tutter Family Reunion , '' along with other relatives , as well as the The Tutter Family book adaptation . He is one of the Tutter Holler Tutters , along with Shouter , Whiner and Jitter .
muppet	Meepzorp tries to explain to Mr. President and Co-Dependence Day a therapist why his alien race attacked Earth in the Independence Day Independence Day movie spoof , `` Co-Dependence Day CD4 , '' from episode 202 of Muppets Tonight . After the sketch , Clifford thanks him for appearing . Meepzorp comments that he turned down 3rd Rock from the 3rd Rock for it . Clifford comments that everyone makes mistakes ; Meepzorp replies `` Good point . ''
muppet	The Muppet Babies Storybook Calendar 1990 is a companion calendar to Muppet Babies Classic Childrens Tales released in the same year . The calendar was published in 1989 by The Jim Henson Muppet Press and Longmeadow Press . The calendar features photographs by John E. Barrett of the Muppet Babies characters acting out parts in classic stories . Lauren Attinello was the Art Director for the project .
muppet	`` Old Doc Hogg '' is a song from the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 214 The Big Blue The Big Blue Housecall '' . Bear sings this in anticipation of Doc Hoggs arrival , describing what doctors do at a checkup .
muppet	Lucas was also the creator , writer and producer of the Indiana Jones film series . His production company , Lucasfilm , spawned the computer animation company Pixar , and Lucasfilm Games produced Labyrinth The Computer Game in conjunction with Henson Associates .
muppet	I have both of the CDs with `` Wet Paint '' , so Ill pull them out and compare them . --
poke	Brock hides and his Mudkip uses Water Gun on Feebas , revealing it to be a Magikarp .
poke	Thatcher tells Ash he wants to battle someday , since Plusle and Minun help others out in need , so Ash will help him .
poke	Pikachu tries to free it , but Treecko pounds Corphish with its tail , causing it to be launched into the air and fall down .
starwars	He considered himself to have come further than any of her former apprentices , including Revan , and had decided that his initial betrayal was a test that he had passed .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Land of Gorch page .
muppet	I like that we have this list , but the title doesnt seem clear to me . `` Still Stumping '' sounds cool , but Im not sure other people would know what we were talking about . What do you think of `` Unsolved Mysteries '' , or something like that ? --
starwars	The Maro Della system was a star system located in the Mektrun sector of the Mid Rim and contained the planet Maro Della .
muppet	Please leave a response so we know youve seen these messages . Thanks .
starwars	The Wrath was not interested in Servant One 's ramblings so they severed their connection to the Hand and the Sith Emperor .
starwars	A Padawan was apprenticed to Jedi Master Zez-Kai Ell prior the Mandalorian Wars .
muppet	Did the shot of Miss Piggy parodying the famous chair scene from Flashdance appear in this music video ? Or was it somewhere else ? --
poke	At the stage , Corphish and Brock have performed the only dance they knew , but are relieved when they see others returning .
starwars	If he does so , he steals the first one-man freighter that he finds and attempts to travel to Bastion .
starwars	The Codex entry on the Nevoota was accessible when the player-character gained a datacron on Tatooine .
starwars	Pleased that he had a new lead in his investigation , Yamarus had his technicians review Azzameen 's flight recorder data , while welcoming the new pilot to the `` Liberty '' .
muppet	WIKI active users
poke	Brock asks which island it is , but Briney replies that the island has no name .
starwars	Tired of the Grand Admiral undermining his authority , Trioculus had Takel executed by his right-hand man , Grand Moff Hissa , with a single blast from his laser pistol .
poke	Grovyle jumps against the masts and while Drake smiles , Grovyle attacks with Bullet Seed , but Altaria evades .
poke	Suddenly , the collision creates an explosion , which exposes Jessie 's disguise .
starwars	.
muppet	I remember Ted Nesis site ... Ah , that brings back memories . We should get all the old Muppet fandom warhorses together -- you , me , Ted , Bill Sherman -- and go drink down at the veterans hall . --
poke	They see lots of food and girls , the latter pleasing Brock , but Ash pulls his ear , reminding him they need to find the Gym Leader .
poke	Ash gives May some advice : regardless if it is a Contest or a Gym match , she needs to bond with her Pokémon to win .
poke	Plusle and Minun use Helping Hand on one another , then use Spark to blast Team Rocket away .
poke	Brock calms Max down , who simply points out their father is very strong and could be a member of the Elite Four soon .
poke	Can these groups be brought back to order and who is in Granite Cave along with our heroes and villains ?
starwars	The apprentice was dispatched to meet with Commander Lanklyn to ascertain Xerender 's movements .
muppet	Also , why is Wikiabot uploading videos to the wiki ?
muppet	Hey , I take it you caught the new episode
muppet	Heya . Do you Talk Funniest Home remember this ? Scott
muppet	Phillip Huber is a puppeteer and puppet designer who puppeteered in John Denver
starwars	Unknown to Ketsu , the Empire had set a trap in the Yost system .
poke	Brock goes with his flirting scheme and Max goes to pull him away , but Brock stops , seeing something is different with the female scientist .
muppet	Segi appeared at the 2015 Annual Sesame Workshop Benefit Gala , puppeteered by Geri Cole and voiced live by wikipedia Naturi Naughton .
poke	May looks at the dresses and jewelry , despite Brock reminding her to get some supplies .
poke	Alden refuses to help , so the group threatens to attack the people at the Center .
poke	Brock tries to impress Juliet by giving her flowers , but Juliet replies she likes Romeo .
muppet	A bookending theme in The Muppets are the photographs taken throughout Walters journey
muppet	Oscar is said to have made an appearance in The Muppet Movie . Is that known as a fact . Ive literally looked in that huge group of Muppets over and over again but I just dont see him anywhere . So did he appear in that movie ? --
muppet	Im on DSL again , at last ! Yay ! So , thanks to e-Mule , Ive been getting all kinds of international Fraggle stuff , to note the changes/parallels in the Uncle Matt and Doc scenes
poke	With Ash and Flannery on the battlefield , Mr. Moore claims the battle between Ash and `` the new Gym Leader '' , Flannery , will begin .
poke	Grovyle uses Bullet Seed , but without effect , while Exploud retaliates with Earthquake .
starwars	Certain Tapani nobles became servants of the Sith , a sect of powerful darksiders headquartered in the Stygian Caldera , which made their language one of the dialects spoken by the Humans under Sith rule .
muppet	Hi Nate ! I was told that there were some problems for people using IE6 browsers again over the weekend ... Are you having problems seeing the Monaco skin now ? They say that the problem was fixed , but I want to make sure . ) --
muppet	Also known as `` the Guru '' , Brewster is a wise-looking bearded fellow seen primarily on the first season of The Muppet Show . Other appearances include The Muppets Valentine Show and The Muppet Show Sex and Violence .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1633 , August 15 , 2009
starwars	Substation Grimdock was a moon inhabited by bastaks , a species of crustaceans .
muppet	The Art of Jim Henson Featuring the Muppets is a 2011 museum exhibit at the Young at Art Childrens Museum in Davie , Florida . The exhibit , organized by the museum in partnership with the Jim Henson Legacy , ran from May 28th to October 2nd , 2011 .
muppet	Fannings other credits include the feature film The Twilight Saga New Moon , the animated sit-com Family Guy , guest spots on Friends Friends , CSI Crime Scene Investigation and ER , and voicing young Wonder Woman on Justice League .
poke	During the Contest , Harley gives May some false advice , which May accepts , only to find out Harley tricked her .
starwars	Nevertheless , most Special Enforcement Officers were held in regard and represented the ultimate goal for a Sector Ranger to eventually attain through years of service .
starwars	On the Emperor 's orders , Revan was placed in a specially-constructed prison in a space station at the heart of the remote Maelstrom Nebula .
poke	Ash loses his Badge Case , which flies off and is devoured by a huge Water Pokémon from the lake .
poke	Wurmple uses String Shot , but Octillery jumps away , causing String Shot to land on Max .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Vrienten page .
poke	Meowth finds the test tubes , but the rocket is falling down , due to too much capacity .
poke	Maxie , Tabitha , Shelly and Archie watch as Groudon goes to the volcano and Kyogre dives to the depths of the sea .
muppet	Among the regular sketches were Bay of Pigs Watch ; Pigs in Space Deep Dish Nine ; Tales from the Vet , and Great Moments in Elvis History .
starwars	Around 22 BBY , this clone medical officer was stationed at the Ord Cestus medical station in the aftermath of the Second Battle of Geonosis .
muppet	Also , if theres any specific characters youve performed , dont hesitate to add them . Also also , I got my revisions in , including fingerfarkeln or however you spell it . Yay !
muppet	Julian added that this isnt Steve voicing Kermit . Does anyone else have access to one of these that can verify this ? I didnt buy one , but there might be some left at our area Walgreens , so Im going to try and find one and take a listen . Im guessing that maybe it is Steve , and the compression of the voice files just distorted him ? --
poke	After the performance , Brock apologizes for the usage of Water Stone , but Samantha points out the stone served its purpose .
muppet	Is Lindy an Anything Muppet ? What kind is he ? -- PiddlesFan !
starwars	When Han asks when he is showing up again , he is interrupted by Graballa who asks `` how 's now . ''
poke	Team Rocket has got out as well , and while they go , Alanna sees her Whismur found .
starwars	The following events took place in or around the year 100 BBY , also known as 3177 LY according to the Lothal Calendar , 81 BFE in the Imperial calendar , and year 7877 in the C.R.C .
poke	As the climb up , James and Meowth are in sour mood after being attacked by Ursaring .
muppet	The Muppet Show Episode 410 Kenny episode 410 features a subplot in which J.P. Grosse has sold the mineral rights to a group of Arabs just inside Kenny Rogers Guest Stars Dressing dressing room . At episodes end , Kenny has secured a deal on gasoline with them in exchange for singing lessons .
starwars	They , doubtless , cared little about the methods he used to achieve his quotas , as long as they were met : whether Culpa , or Krayn―a slave-raider and the moon 's true power-holder―claimed responsibility for that success was immaterial .
poke	Just as everyone sees Drake does n't do much , the latter makes his counterattack and shows Ash where he went wrong .
starwars	I-7 could speak Galactic Basic Standard and appeared to be unable to understand jokes .
poke	She is being told they were going to Mossdeep Island actually , so Serena asks Ash if he wants to help her .
poke	Max , May and Kenny panic , but Brock claims he is the love doctor , who will fix the situation .
poke	Ash 's Corphish has eaten all its food and spots Torchic eating its food , but Torchic blocks Corphish .
muppet	Hi ! Thanks for uploading those amazing pictures on the Shrinky Dinks page ! Im really happy to see them ; theyre gorgeous . Thats a fantastic old set . --
poke	Max , Brock and Pikachu pull and Torkoal attacks the Magneton , scaring it away .
muppet	Wikipedia has Kevin winning the Emmy in 2007
muppet	Kermit the Frog is a Colorforms set produced in 1980 .
poke	On October 2 , 2007 , Warner Bros. and CBS announced that the Kids ' WB programming block on their co-owned network , The CW , would be ending in 2008 , and no longer be marketed and produced in-house , due to factors including building children 's advertising and marketing restrictions , and cable competition .
muppet	Grover later revisited this alter ego in a second season segment for Kinect Sesame Street TV , and he featured in a sesamestreet.org game in 2019 called https//www.sesamestreet.org/games ? id=25743 Grovers Motorcycle Mayhem modeled after the Nintendo game Excitebike .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0624 , January 23 , 2011
muppet	Lara Bergen is a childrens book author who wrote Muppet Treasure Island Treasure Hunt and The Rat Pack A Muppet Countdown Adventure‎ .
starwars	Even so , General Mohc was well-respected by the academy 's students due to his status as a combat veteran and not just another officer .
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Scarecroe 1534 , 12 February 2006
starwars	Vel Pastar could typically be found seated in the deepest , darkest table in the cantina , with his daughter Kor doing recon for him .
starwars	After their adventure on Hoth , Rowan decided that he could not endanger his siblings .
muppet	According to the `` Muppet Morsels '' on The Muppet Show Season One Episode 121 episode 121 , he was named after the Italian restaurant `` Signor Baffis '' where Jim Henson , Frank Oz and the writers discussed ideas for upcoming episodes .
poke	Max runs to the source , though May , Ash and Brock wonder what is the matter with him .
poke	Brock orders his Lotad to use Water Gun , but , in a delayed reaction , Lotad attacks Brock .
muppet	Star Townshend worked as a suit performer for three seasons of Dinosaurs , occasionally filling in as Charlene Sinclair during the third season . In addition to serving as a utility additional dinosaur performer from the second season onward , she performed Caroline Foxworth and Mindy in several episodes , Neighbor No . 3 . Townshend later worked on Buddy , as one of several performers for the title character .
muppet	I just watched this sketch , and while I can tell that its Jerry doing the voice , can we assume that it was actually his foot , or could it have been anybody ? --
starwars	After killing ARC Trooper Commander Colt and meeting up with Grievous , Ventress was tasked during the invasion to recover the DNA template for Jango Fett from the laboratory so that clone trooper production would become severely limited .
poke	Vileplume and Roselia ( inside the drum ) use Aromatherapy to recover Seviper from paralysis .
poke	Ash and Brock go with Birch while May and Max will stay in the lab for a while .
poke	Team Rocket sees the space shuttle , so Meowth thinks boss of Team * Rocket * would use the rocket to conquer the galaxy , all for himself and reward them .
starwars	The name originated in the 2000 `` Star Wars '' Legends reference book `` '' , which was written by Kristin Lund .
starwars	A further spread of laser fire was also avoided , with Blackout and the rest of the crew visibly relieved at Skywalker 's evasion .
muppet	Theres a reference in the `` Vets Hospital '' sketch in Episode 422 Andy Williams ... Can somebody get the quote for me ? --
starwars	On the farthest reaches of the farmstead were the agricultural fields , where the family grew their crops in the lush soil and good weather afforded by Saleucami 's wetland region .
muppet	Still cant figure out accent marks . Anyway , happy 2009 ! --
poke	Meanwhile , Jessie and Meowth offer massage , but in reality , they want to capture the Pokémon .
muppet	In a 2008 interview , Pepe announced that he is a father ; sharing that he and his long-time girlfriend , Christine , have a 2-year-old baby .
poke	Spoink demonstrates it slept at a tree and fell over , causing the pearl to fall off the cliff and Spoink lost it since then .
starwars	However , Jabba denied knowing any of them and expressed no interest in whether they would live or die .
muppet	Picking up the `` still stumping '' question of what this sketch/character is named . I found http//mobilestore.sesameworkshop.org/SesameStreet/purchaseWP.aspx ? redirect= % 2fSesameStreet % 2fCategoryX.aspx % 3fpage1 % 3d1 % 26Name % 3dShow-Scenes % 26CCID % 3d1198020 % 26List % 3dWallpaper
poke	He states the leader of the Volbeat , Beat , gets nervous when he sees Illumise .
poke	May thinks if Max was so know-it-all guy , he should take care of himself and does not need him .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0317 , January 29 , 2010
poke	Ash uses the tail once more and Nicholai evades , but Ash bites Nicholai , since Zangoose puts itself at close combat risk .
poke	Max begins to cry and hugs May , who states Max did his task as he said he would .
muppet	Also , how do we distinctify production stills from deleted scenes ? I couldnt tell if this officially qualified as the latter or not , ran into that with the swath of Cheryl Ladd
starwars	While Roger disarmed the two stormtroopers guarding the base , Rowan ventured inside only to discover that `` Maynar '' was a hologram projection created by the `` invisible M-OC .
muppet	The Tale of the Bunny Picnic Babble , Great-great-great-great Grandmother
starwars	Star Wars : X-Wing Rogue Squadron : The Phantom Affair ( TPB )
muppet	I added a bunch of connections to Grinch adaptations , but it occurs to me , would it be better to include all that , and for that matter the Its a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie reference , on the Dr. Seuss page ?
poke	Brawly states it is wiser to simply seek shelter than to prevent storms from happening , pointing the Pokémon have come here before they did .
poke	Meowth is annoyed , since he notices their enemies on the beach and yells out they must catch Pikachu .
starwars	The Official Starships & Vehicles Collection 13 is the thirteenth issue of the fortnightly by De Agostini .
starwars	Throughout the war between the Republic and the Separatist forces , he was sent to the swampy battlefields of Parcellus Minor .
starwars	Yoda then engaged an attack wave of battle droids with his lightsaber and then in a brilliant display of `` size matters not '' , he destroyed a Hailfire droid by using the Force to trick it into burying itself under twelve tons of collapsing rock .
poke	Ash thinks they should eat something first , but Max spots a carnival , so he and Max go play .
muppet	The puppet , designed by Caroly Wilcox , that would eventually become Elmo had been used on Sesame Street since the early 1970s . During this time , he was referred to on the set as `` Baby Monster , '' and had a number of performers ranging from Caroll Spinney
poke	Meowth has no choice but to battle him and just as he goes to scratch Pikachu , Pikachu wonders what he is doing .
muppet	Is this the same song as Dont Waste Water ? --
poke	May is startled by this Zangoose , who is actually Nicholai , dressed as a Zangoose .
starwars	Shortly after she commissioned her dressmaker , Skywalker and Jade had a private , less formal Jedi wedding ceremony at the Jedi training area that had been established on Coruscant .
starwars	Said and done , every member of the Resistance evacuated , leaving Holdo aboard the `` Raddus '' to be blown up due to her decision to sacrifice herself in order to give time for the others to escape .
muppet	As promotion for The Muppets The Muppets her and her A.N.T . Farm cast mates Sierra McCormick and Jake Short appeared in The Muppets Movie Star Secrets , where Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog teach them how to act like a movie star .
muppet	I do know the `` posted in '' bug is still a problem . Also , how often are you seeing sections of the image missing ? Thats a tough one for us to reproduce .
starwars	In Knights of the Old Republic , if the player has Jolee Bindo or HK-47 with them when they first encounter the Dark Jedi Master , they will each make a comment in the situation .
poke	Ash admits he wanted to visit Wattson , while May reminds Ash Wattson did request a battle after his Electrike grew up a bit .
muppet	A Doctor appears in The Muppet Show Episode 410 Kenny episode 410 . When Kermit the Frog fractures a flipper , this physician is in the audience and answers the age old call , `` Is there a doctor in the house ? '' When Fozzie Bear questions his bonafides , he offers to show him his bank balance .
muppet	Whats your thoughts on creating a page for a plush doll made of Bad Andy ? Should I ? Or should I just stick the picture and footnote on the Andy page . --
poke	A young trainer , named Alanna , appears , scolding Whismur for going away on its own .
starwars	During the meeting , Dodonna admitted that the Partisan leader Saw Gerrera 's intelligence had been right despite disapproving of the latter 's ruthless methods .
starwars	Original Sith blood became a symbol of pride among the Sith , with the term `` Sith Pureblood '' referring to Sith who had a higher than average concentration of Sith blood .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 2158 , May 10 , 2009
starwars	They defeated a group of mercenaries there with little ease , using the advantages of stormtrooper equipment and training , speeder bikes , and the weapons on their modified Suwantek transport to good use .
starwars	These Dark Jedi took over these machines , including the Cosmic Turbine , but could not control them , and soon destroyed the whole system and everything in them during the Vultar Cataclysm .
starwars	Mothma gave her an untraceable credit solid to pay for the trip .
poke	Ash goes to throw on the same spot , but he fails , so Sullivan says that he should practice before aiming correctly .
muppet	Mario Arvizu is a Mexican voice actor who dubbed Rowlf the Dog and the Newsman in Los Muppets , and Los Muppets the dub of The Muppets the 2015 series .
starwars	A pre-industrial world , Chad was rich in methane fuels , and although scouts and traders brought some high technology to Chad , the world was considered to be technologically primitive .
starwars	On their arrival at Switch 's cargo bay , the protocol droid introduced himself and R5-B8 to the agents and offered them drinks from his extensive collection .
poke	However , they are struck by Pikachu 's electricity , as Pikachu is still possessed by the Blue Orb .
starwars	With Bo-Katan no longer recognized as the ruler of Mandalore , Gar Saxon took the mantle of leader as Imperial Viceroy .
muppet	For his feature films , Brooks developed his own repertory company of actors , which included Dom DeLuise , Harvey Korman , Marty Feldman , Cloris Leachman , Madeline Kahn , and Gene Wilder . With this company of actors , Brooks went on to spoof many genres of film including Old West Westerns . Aside from his company of actors , his films also incorporated many of the same gags , including a Vaudeville routine which became a staple of his films , `` Walk this way . ''
starwars	Rowan has packed his lunch but Kordi tells him to check with Zander Freemaker .
muppet	`` Perfect Harmony '' is sung by Marjory the Trash Heap as she dreams of a world where Fraggles , Doozers , and Gorgs live in unity . The song is performed in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 119 The Great Radish The Great Radish Famine . ''
muppet	Hello . Do you want me to help with Season 24-Season 29 episodes ? I can do it late this Friday maybe or this weekend . User Webkinz Mania 1659 , 19 October 2008
poke	Meowth claims the judge tests cuteness , cleverness , courage , classiness and confidence .
starwars	As they try and match the colors , the two are tempted by the dark side voice , who tells them to give in to the dark side .
muppet	It was featured in The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 116 The Road to The Road to Ka-Larry . ''
poke	Despite its exhaustion , Pikachu uses Iron Tail on Nosepass , directly hitting it .
poke	Max , Nicky and Pikachu come through a pass to a landmark , named Squaretop , which is the largest mountain on the island .
starwars	Her curiosity was piqued by Darth Vader 's presence on Bespin during the Imperial occupation .
starwars	Qel-Droma Epics
starwars	Tolruck viewed the Wookiees of Kashyyyk as livestock and used inhibitor chips to keep them docile and subservient .
starwars	Those that did , tended to either be extremely wealthy , or work for the extremely wealthy in service industries .
muppet	It doesnt list the Boston Pops sketch as appearing on The Mike Douglas Show page , but both the Our Place and Balloon-Head Conductor pages list it as being only on Our Place and The Muppet Show . Was it also on Mike Douglas or it an error on this page ? --
poke	They can see Pacifidlog Island , but a mistake on the engine causes the ship to stop .
poke	However , they spot trouble at the carnival , so Winona sends Skarmory to fly towards the spot , while the heroes go down the stairs .
muppet	I like being able to see all of Cookie Monsters relatives , and being able to track all of Rizzos many brothers and sisters , and being able to count the Counts relatives
starwars	Gorsek scouted Yavin 4 on behalf of Wetyin 's Colony .
muppet	The Die Muppet Show German release presents most of the episodes intact , with the few exceptions being the episode 103 Joel Joel Grey episode , as well as Kermits closing line , still cut from `` The Original Pitch Tape . ''
poke	However , Brock falls down and , by accident , his identity is revealed , so he pulls his mask again .
poke	As the heroes are amazed by the view , Team Rocket makes their next move and claim they are tour guides .
muppet	Almost every recurring character has changed/evolved over the years , but I dont think we need to create a separate page on everything single one to denote the changes when there is ample room on their character page to discuss the 1 or 2 variations over the years appropriately . Major characters and/or ones with an abundance of major changes are interesting , but the alterations of Lew Zealand or Bean Bunny can just as easily be noted in their respective articles . --
starwars	When their native planet was invaded by the Hutt Cartel in in 3639 BBY the subsequent the over-mining of Isotope-5 caused ground-quakes that driven the Subteroths
muppet	I have found some pictures that I would like to add on the Wiki , but not so sure if I should because I am guessing that there is some copyright policy here . If it is okay , then do I need to get permission ? Also , how do I upload an image to an article ? MasterYoshi 1432 , 18 April 2006
starwars	The majority of The Works ' structures were in a severe state of decay , and had been abandoned for centuries .
starwars	During the Battle of Muunilinst , Captain Fordo shot at one in the streets of the city of Harnaidan and it scrambled off in terror .
poke	However , Team Rocket persuades them to continue eating , causing more brain freezes .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 0342 , 14 August 2009
muppet	Also , one can check using https//archive.org/web/ The Wayback Machine , plug in the URL and see if a useful copy of the page exists and so forth .
muppet	Im glad the glitches are being taken care of . The one thats really killing me right now is the 16 seconds it takes for RC to load every time . I opened up a ticket , got response saying thanks , and then they closed the ticket (
muppet	`` Insect Rock '' is a song sung in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 412 Space Frog Space Frog Follies '' . In the song , the Fraggles , except Boober Boober who did not want to be a part of the act , all dress up as insects . Wembley Wembley , Red Red , Marlon , and Large Marvin sing lead on the song . During the song , the frog in the basket Boober keeps in croaks after Marlon , Large Marvin , and Red say `` Buzz ! Squeak ! Sting ! ''
poke	You can also set the Gender , OT ID , OT Gender , Level Met , Location Met , Poké Ball , Country , and Pokérus to whatever you want .
poke	At the contest , May , Joshua , Erika , and the Jester ( Jessie in another disguise ) all make it to the next round .
poke	He asks her if she 's going to the Izabe Contest ; May confirms this , as the boy will go there as well .
poke	Brock motes it is not an evolutionary stone that makes Clamperl evolve quickly .
starwars	However , the loyalty of such agents was never guaranteed which was why the Spynet resorted to such acts as blackmail of unruly agents into ensuring their cooperation .
starwars	The resulting shockwave then destroyed the remainder of the facility .
starwars	The Free Ryloth operatives gave chase but were unable to stop the two Sith Lords from escaping into Ryloth 's equatorial forest .
starwars	As a result , the Trade Federation decided to retaliate by blockading the Mid Rim world of Naboo and force the people of Naboo to sign a treaty legitimizing the military operations .
poke	Ash sends Treecko , who uses Bullet Seed , making Jessie 's remote fall down and Meowth spin around .
poke	Ash and May bid Joshua and Professor Birch farewell , as they start the journey together .
starwars	Kenobi assisted Bo-Katan in the battle , and then left in order to return to the Republic and inform the Galactic Senate of the situation on Mandalore .
poke	Joshua claims they just met , so Erica claims that was just love at first sight .
muppet	Sarah OBrien
muppet	Berts goldfish appeared in an Ernie and Bert Sketches Ernie and Bert sketch from 1980 . Though Berts favorite pet is Bernice , a substantial number of goldfish are shown swimming around a tank in Ernie and Berts the apartment . Named fish include Lyle and Talbot , and the beautiful Melissa , who Bert identifies as Talbots wife . Talbot is on a diet .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1502 , May 11 , 2010
poke	Max reminds May this would n't have happened if Skitty came out of its Poké Ball and started attacking while May states it was n't her fault about what Skitty did and do n't have time to argue about this .
starwars	Zehrinne Thaal
starwars	Vara drew her lightsaber to protect herself from the spirit who wished to claim her ; the spirit attacked and her blows passed harmlessly through it .
starwars	Jarael was vicious in her attack and nearly killed Chantique , exclaiming that her only wish was for the Zeltron to finally leave her alone .
poke	Brock picks it up , but they all get caged expect Taillow , as it is a trap Team Rocket set up .
muppet	We might make a Wikian outta you yet . --
muppet	Just saw where you were called out by Cookie Monster for the Ice Bucket Challenge . Very cool , man !
poke	Nicholai puts the Marshtomp costume and sends his Marshtomp , which evolved from Mudkip , while Ash sends Treecko .
poke	After arriving to Fallarbor Town , May starts doubting herself , seeing a lot of Coordinators that will participate , including Drew .
starwars	In the months following the Declaration of a New Order , a wealthy industrialist , alongside 18 mercenaries , arrived at his hideout in the hopes of hiring him to assassinate Darth Vader to avenge his son .
starwars	The two best scouts in the regiment were considered to be a commander and a lieutenant .
starwars	Giva jumbo
starwars	The panagra were a predatory species which stalked their prey .
muppet	Ken added that this was the last Sesame album released on vinyl ... does that mean we were able to prove that The Best of Sesame Street was only released on cassette ? Scott
starwars	Using the vast resources of the Imperial Navy , Thrawn mapped great swaths of territory in the name of the Galactic Empire .
poke	Anthony tells Ash his gym is unofficial , claiming he has no need to give out badges , since Pelipper will defeat them all .
muppet	First , I wonder a bit why she has an entry in this Wiki , but more importantly , why all the strange speculation about when the episode was filmed ? Raven-Symone and her character were first * added * to the show in the 1989-1990 season . Assuming the air dates are accurate , it is still likely it was filmed before Jim Hensons death , but almost certainly not 1988 or so . At the very least , Im inclined to remove that section shortly , unless anyone can provide a logical justification for keeping it
poke	Since a new boat wo n't turn up until afternoon , Rocky thinks they should exercise for a while .
starwars	The Jedi escaped and rescued Queen Padmé Amidala from the Federation , making their way to the world of Tatooine that was controlled by the Hutt Clan for refuge after their vessel was damaged while escaping the blockade .
muppet	So my question is How much Farscape do we want on the wiki ? Weve been through this kind of thing a bunch of times , so you guys know where I stand on it . I started a little sandbox page for Sandbox Farscape episodes , which would combine all of our one-line synopsis pages into one page . But then theres the characters , actors , writers and directors .
starwars	However , Anor decided to stick with Jamaane , rather than once again taking up the robes of the Prophet , and departed with the litter .
muppet	File St. Patricks Day from The Saint Patricks March 17 , 2017 } }
starwars	She had the ability to manipulate wind .
muppet	Anyway , I think we have guidelines now . Ive been too busy so far this week , but Ill write them up and start the clean-up process .
starwars	This unidentified language was the native language of Plattahr 's species .
muppet	Deena looks nothing like Humphrey , even without features . Why is that info there ? Edward Rankin
starwars	Pellaeon , hoping to save what he had left , retreated .
muppet	Being the main character , Kermit interacted with most of the main cast of the show . He was often pursued by Miss Piggy , who made no secret of her love for him , but Kermit generally rebuffed her advances . Although Piggy loved him , that didnt stop her from karate-chopping him whenever she got mad at him . Miss Piggy unsuccessfully tried to make Kermit jealous of guest star Avery Schreiber , but on some occasions Kermit actually has gotten jealous of male guest stars who Piggy liked , including Peter Ustinov and Christopher Reeve . Kermit has also performed a few duets with Miss Piggy , such as `` Waiting at the Church '' , `` Ukelelee Lady '' , and `` I Wont Dance '' . They even danced together in an At the Dance spot in Episode 123 Kaye episode 123 .
muppet	In Episode 105 Cindy episode 105 , Cupid inadvertently shot Sal with an arrow , which made him fall in love with Johnny Fiama . By the end of the episode , Cupid was able to break the spell .
poke	Calista says near the mountain there are some ancient artifacts she was looking about and shows a book about the relics of the universe .
muppet	http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wijVApRucY0 I feel certain that Brian Muehl is performing Clementine here . But a few years back , another user said it was Kevin Clash . I think theyre mistaken , but a confirmation seems necessary . Garrettk41
poke	After a lucky Fire Spin from Assist , May and Skitty won and the former qualifies for the Grand Festival .
muppet	Hi Beth I was looking at the song pages that you worked on , and it seems kind of weird to me to have the German translation in all of those pages . I could see something like a list for the popular songs of translations into a bunch of languages , like we do with Cookie Cookie Monster -- but just , `` Heres the title in German '' ... It seems kind of random . Is it okay if I take those out for now ? -- Danny Toughpigs 2010 , 12 March 2006
starwars	Power chair
starwars	`` F'quallix '' was the alias of a Nalroni male spice-jacker active in 10 ABY .
muppet	Im not sure Love Stamp , United States Postal Service and UPS even belong , since they have a theme category as a home , , and it seems more people will find them that way or just a direct search . Thoughts ?
poke	Watt , Wattson and the heroes arrive to the Gym and note the entrance being different .
poke	Team Rocket overhears the talk of Spinda being lucky , so they decide to steal it and use it to bring them money .
poke	The heroes continue their journey through Izabe Island , but they encounter a desert .
muppet	Feel free to respond here or on my Message Wall if you need help with anything . Definitely check out the FAQ and Guidelines on Special , theyre good to look at for reference .
poke	To persuade Max more , they activate the machine and Persian is transformed into a Sunflora .
muppet	Can anyone tell whos performing Uncle Abe ?
muppet	When did she win 5 Grammys ? Wikipedia only shows the soundtrack for Mamma Mia . --
muppet	This is the shortest page on the whole wiki , and it repeats info from the Floating Face . Can we expand this , or should we delete it for now ? --
poke	Soon , they spot the Pokémon Center , cheering them up , knowing there is food abound .
poke	Team Rocket powers up the machine , making even Pikachu and Ash get sucked , though they do not enter the container .
muppet	In the first season episode `` Home Is Where The Heart Stops , '' Rick Castle and Skeksis .
starwars	Balkar told Aric Jorgan to contact Gav in his search for the Deadeyes , but Zane intercepted his call .
muppet	Hi , Dean ! I reverted your Animal Jam edit on DJ 1 . The resume of John Kennedy officially states that 1 is the panda character . I dont have access to Animal Jam tapes to confirm which numbers match the others , but I think we can assume the characters puppeteer knows who he is . Would you mind checking your own tapes or sources on this ? And you do great work , but * please * give us a peep some time ! Communication is always a good thing -- Andrew , Aleal 2010 , 4 February 2006
muppet	Dreaming of Someone is sung by Red Red in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 107 I Want to Be I Want to Be You . '' The song expresses Reds desire to be as graceful and artistic as Mokey Mokey , because the other Fraggles clamor to hear Mokeys newest poem , but pay no attention to Reds new slide .
poke	A man arrives , whom Claire identifies as Kain , who is the heart-marked Spinda 's owner .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Hemlock page .
starwars	The Sith authorities recruited one of Spinner 's associates as an informant .
poke	The man is shown gold and silver Pokéblocks , which could improve the two secret skills .
muppet	Also , whats your first name so I know what to call you ? Scott
poke	Jessie is depressed , but Meowth thinks what would the boss do and realizes Lombre would just stare at the boss .
poke	Soon , they feel vibrations and Team Rocket appears in their machine , using the robot arm to capture Pikachu .
starwars	These weapons made quick work of any droid obstacles by having the ability to penetrate some defenses that blaster fire could not .
starwars	As a loth-wolf , he was capable of inflicting considerable damage with his large jaws and teeth .
starwars	Danthe 's capsule in the `` The DarkStryder Campaign '' indicates that he too wanted to re-establish communications with the Empire .
poke	Just then , the Pokémon glows with a red light , calming the man and the woman , whose eyes are red .
poke	The man tells them they are on Mirage Island , which is surrounded by a mist and strange whirlpools , making it hard for anyone to come on it .
poke	May claims the power of love prevailed today , claiming Ash will understand this when he is older .
muppet	If its technical or existing policy stuff , ask an admin .
muppet	Are there new or newer stories with the count ? In Germany the stories and I believe he will not be replaced . He was too unique .
starwars	The Confederacy of Independent Systems occupied Skor II 's Metrobig Interplanetary Blastport , intending to use the planet—the homeworld of the Squibs—as a base to place proximity mines throughout the outer Rimma Trade Route .
poke	Lance tells the heroes to go away , but Ash tells he needs to stay behind to help Pikachu first , even if it means battling both Kyogre and Groudon .
poke	Misty refuses , so Hansen snaps his fingers , causing a Shedinja to appear , who fires Solar Beam .
starwars	Starkiller faced at least four of these on Raxus Prime before confronting Paratus himself .
starwars	Initially , Saar did not meet with the leaders of the Chiss contact team .
muppet	So does anyone know what the vaporous pool routine is ? Boppity Frackle 1904 , November 23 , 2011
poke	Ash is excited for his battle against Norman , but Max reminds him his father is quite strong .
starwars	The components of the prototype cloak field generator included a computer core , cloaking field antenna , orbital thrusters , cloaking field matrix , power conduits , and power cells .
muppet	And you sign the messages using four tildes , like this
starwars	Worrt venom tasted like tricopper and was strong enough to kill a bantha .
starwars	After a short exchange of blaster fire , Dekker was killed and the bioweapon sample fell into Morven 's hands .
poke	James shows a card with the image of a Silcoon , telling her that 's what a Silcoon looks like .
muppet	Hey buddy ! I know how much of an Alice in Wonderland fan you are ; did you know that Dreamchild came out on DVD last year ? It kind of flew in under the radar because its only sold by Amazon.com and its actually not a pressed DVD at all , but a DVD-R . Still , its in widescreen and the picture is good quality . Scott
muppet	In a May 2006 interview , Brian Henson said , `` Yes , we are writing a Fraggle Rock movie and trying to pull it together . '' Henson said that fans should expect the movie `` to do something that sort of stands next to the Fraggle Rock series rather than be a continuation of the show . ''
muppet	Pandolfi performed on Italian Old-time radio in the early 1950s and then segued into dubbing . He provided the Italian voice of a variety of actors , including Donald Pleasence in several films , Christopher Lloyd in The Addams Family movies , Steve Martin in The Three Amigos , Mickey Rooney in Night at the Museum Battle of the Night at the Museum , Joel Grey in Cabaret , Anthony Perkins in China Blue , Jim Broadbent in Richard III , Richard Griffiths in Stage Beauty , Dom DeLuise in Haunted Honeymoon , Peter Sellers in The Naked Truth , Donald OConnor in Singin in the Rain , Warner Oland in the Charlie Chan movies , and Bela Lugosi in the redub of Dracula .
poke	The citizens also say that the workers see some footprints on the floor and while they are in , they ca n't breathe and pass out .
starwars	Improcco Company assisted anti-terror ops on Coruscant by being placed on leave , and providing clone commando squads Delta and Omega cover so the squads could conduct crucial surveillance .
poke	Suddenly , May comes to the window with her parents , wondering what her brother , the boy , is doing .
muppet	I highly recommend you read up on our Muppet Wiki and Policies and Guidelines , to get a better feel for how we work here . I hope this message clears up any confusion . Reply back if you have a question . Thanks !
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 1620 , January 6 , 2011
poke	Mr. Moore explains the challenger can switch Pokémon in battle , upsetting Flannery .
muppet	Glenda Jackson is an Oscar-winning British actress and former politician . She was the guest star on The Muppet Show Episode 507 Glenda episode 507 . Unlike some guest stars , Jackson insisted to the producers that she was ready to perform any material they had in mind , giving them a free hand for an especially bizarre episode .
starwars	An electro-jabber was a hand-held shock device .
poke	However , Team Rocket has modified the transporting machine , causing them to obtain the Poké Balls that are being transported .
starwars	In the atrium , Bane 's team set up their `` parting gifts '' around the senators : a system of lasers that would trigger explosives upon the slightest touch .
muppet	WO No , of course not . O.K . In the Torah , in Leviticus it says And the pig , although it has true hoofs , with the hoofs cleft through , it does not chew its cud , it is unclean for you .
poke	Team Rocket arrives to the battlefield with a gigantic robot , which causes the interior of the Gym to be crashed .
starwars	Djarin later asked Greef Karga what he believed the former Imperials were planning to do with the Child as Karga provided him with a new puck .
poke	Ash is angered at the boy and yells out he wants to battle the Gym Leader , so the boy replies he is the one Ash is seeking , surprising the latter .
starwars	Dahai was present when the band played at Chalmun 's Spaceport Cantina on the planet Tatooine shortly before the Battle of Yavin .
muppet	Yeah , definitely . The placard might be referring to this version , or could just be a mistake .
starwars	In the aftermath of the Battle of Yavin , Sidious warned his apprentice to not underestimate how much he disappointed his master by losing to Kenobi on Mustafar .
poke	After some time , Nurse Joy gives Ash back his Poké Balls and brings out Treecko and Taillow .
muppet	Joanna Kerns is an actress and director best known for playing mom Carol Seaver on Growing Pains . After the series ended , she was a frequent star of TV movies of the week . She was heard in the Aliens in the Family episode `` Episode 102 Bobut Conquers Bobut Conquers All , '' as a TV voice-over , spoofing her roles in TV movies . ‎
starwars	Windu then ordered Qui-Gon to contact the Admiral in charge of the Republic forces and request for an escort for their trip to the Yinchorri high command .
poke	Rocky calls his Pokémon and praises Ash for the victory , seeing Ice Ball needs more time to charge .
muppet	It says here that Jim Henson The Biography is not `` authorized '' . This is the first Ive heard that . Is there a source somewhere that it wasnt
poke	Team Rocket is making their way along the same path when they stumble upon a cage full of Ekans .
starwars	Hanna Landin
starwars	When she believed Huck Trombo was about to pass out after drinking to much alcohol , Chellaine could not decide if she should stop him falling or not , but decided she would not have when he claimed the Navy pilots would of enjoyed his singing .
starwars	As a result , after Xiono and Torra helped her and her fellow prisoners escape , she was forced to leave Castilon and go into hiding , intending to ask a friend of hers on Takodana for help .
muppet	Lifetime Achievement for Sesame Street Sesame Street received 15 nominations for the Daytime Emmy Awards this year , including Outstanding Performer in a Childrens Series nominations for Chris Knowings , plus a nomination for Outstanding Pre-School Childrens Series and for New Approaches in Daytime Childrens TV . The series , which starts its 40th season this fall , will also receive a Lifetime Achievement Award . The awards ceremony will air August 30th on the CW .
poke	Corphish scarily walks away , making Combusken and Pikachu give him a hearty laugh .
poke	They challenge Ash to a battle , who bets his sandwiches with Poncho , who is to buy cheeseburgers if Poncho loses .
poke	Oak , Max and May sneak in , but accidentally Oak triggers the laser , closing the main door and warning Team Rocket .
muppet	Hi , Dean ! Id appreciate it if you wouldnt mess with the transcript format for Shrinkel and Stretchel until Ive heard back from Danny . Im using
poke	May makes an `` expedition '' , noting they got separated and panics at the thought they could be lost forever .
poke	Sheridan whispers `` Helping Hand '' , so inside the drum are Makuhita and Shroomish , who use Helping Hand to power up Seviper .
muppet	Let me know if there are any more screenshots we could use from that special . 👍
starwars	This invaluable Visual Dictionary brings DK 's world-acclaimed visual style to the climactic final `` Star Wars '' prequel .
poke	The heroes compliment the Bulbasaur , seeing they really helped out today as both Bulbasaur give a Vine Whip high five .
muppet	In the same year , Gund distributed Sesame Street puppets # 34 '' full-body identical copies of Cookie Monster , Ernie and Grover , as well as a less shaggy version of Elmo under their license in the United States .
muppet	The link to lesliecarrara-rudolph.com , used as a citation for the characters unofficial name , leads to a domain parking page . JHVipond 0219 , March 5 , 2012
muppet	The Bear Wit Project is a fan film which spoofed The Blair Witch Project using store-bought puppets of Kermit the Kermit , Animal and Miss Piggy . It originally appeared at
starwars	First , Jedi in StealthXs would move undetected into the system and relay information to the Alliance fleet .
poke	The heroes are surprised Johnny can use such different attacks , though Brock points out he can face off against a lot of opponents .
starwars	However , since law enforcement agencies rarely if ever monitored radionics transmissions , the technology found some use among smugglers .
muppet	As for creating tables , I see what you mean - to an extent . For the segments where enough information is given on what it is , thats fine , but for other segments , where the only information given is , say , RELATIONAL CONCEPT beginning/end or LETTER RECOGNITION B I cant really do much due to the vague nature of the content . In this respect , should I just start with incomplete guides , using only segments where I know for sure what it is , or should I create a table for the whole episode , including the segments with vague info ? Please let me know either way . Thanks .
starwars	Fearing the surveyor to be lost , or worse , Rile pleaded with an unknown spacer to locate the surveyor and escort him to town .
starwars	They produced a pod that was sold in the Mos Espa marketplace .
starwars	When training with his Master , he practiced against training drones on Alderaan , but he never saw action until the Clone Wars .
muppet	Sam
starwars	Around 2 BBY , Senoj and the Sullustan Dwanar Gher were wanted by the Imperial Security Bureau for helping to rescue some wanted criminals from the Imperial authorities .
poke	Taillow stops on a branch and eats the entire chocolate bar , making May very sad .
starwars	After discovering that Jedi Master Revan had been taken captive by a member of the Sith species , Surik traveled to Dromund Kaas to rescue him .
muppet	Most recent additions The Case of the Missing The Case Of The Missing Rubber Duckie , The People in Your Neighborhood The People In Your Neighborhood , Sing , Sang , Song Sing Sang Song Singalong .
muppet	`` Tomorrow '' , the showstopping hit song from the 1976 musical Little Orphan Annie , is performed by Petula Clark and a chorus of The Muppets as the closing number in Episode 220 Petula episode 220 of The Muppet Show . The song begins in the Guest Stars Dressing Room and ends onstage with the Muppets on risers behind Petula .
poke	Max does not understand why she let Swablu go , but May explains this is for Swablu 's happiness .
muppet	Part 2 Oscar comes back with a new Duckie , but this one is different - its a Grouch duckie . They realize that they have different ideas of what is cute and ugly . Ernie thanks Oscar for trying to help - and when he sits down , he hears a familiar squeak . He digs through the stuff on the floor , and finds his Rubber Duckie ! Ernie and Oscar argue over which of their toys is the cutest .
starwars	He presented Revan as the winner of the Swoop race after besting the time of Redros , a member of the Black Vulkars gang in the Lower City .
poke	However , they find it empty , save for a Snorlax , who is eating away the bananas .
starwars	Dynba Tesc was arrested by Imperial forces for painting `` The Death of a Tyrant is the triumph of Justice ! ''
poke	Shuppet shows Max beyond a bookcase its amusement park , a room for playing , so Max plays with it for a while .
starwars	Antilles countered with the fact that , despite his age , Darklighter would find his way into a cockpit somewhere in the military regardless .
starwars	Forced into desperation , Sullustans began building secret underground facilities closer to the planet 's core .
starwars	He had dark skin , black hair , and brown eyes .
poke	May notes how his Pokémon are cute , while the boy introduces himself as Jimmy .
starwars	Then he later gets a message telling him to meet someone he is familiar with at Nova Station , and meets up with Hapan Queen Mother Tenel Ka Djo 's cousins , Trista and Taryn Zel , who agree to ship him back to Shedu Maad .
poke	Team Rocket appear as well , since they found nothing at the meteorite site and think something in the meteorite is in the Pokémon Center now .
poke	Torkoal begins by using Flamethrower , but Manectric dodges and tackles Torkoal .
poke	He also thinks May has not grown a bit since the last time he saw her , but `` May '' states she just shrunk down , while others grew up , which convinces Yaohei .
muppet	A new `` tune-in '' segment , `` Murrays Science Experiments '' , has Murray Monster ask a scientific question and sets up an experiment to find the best answer to his question . With help from Ovejita and some kids , Murray observes , investigates and discovers the answers to his questions . New segments of Super Grover 2.0
poke	Ash accepts , though Julie wants to battle May , since she does n't battle often .
starwars	He would later achieve the rank of Field Operations Director .
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile , but Corphish takes less damage , due to its Harden move .
poke	Jessie yells , causing everyone to stand still , though Ash snatches Pikachu from Wobbuffet 's hands .
starwars	The Kingdom of Barseg was an interstellar empire that ruled a number of worlds in the Allied Tion sector including the capital Barseg and Lianna .
starwars	As Coruscant is a Republic `` light side '' affiliated world , this article assumes that all storylines referenced under the game mechanics section of this article end with the `` light side '' choice .
muppet	Its a nice thought , but do we have any proof ? The only evidence I could find for it was a less than reliable http//forum.muppetcentral.com/showthread.php ? t=17628 Muppet Central thread , which may well have been what Michael used when he started the article . Heres a quote from Moss obituary in The Endependent , October 8 , 1998 `` According to colleagues , Moss had hidden his colon cancer for years and , on the day he died , was still hard at work on a song called `` You and You and Me '' . It was tailor-made for Elmo , Ernie and Telly , three hapless characters trying to figure out who should go through a door first . '' That doesnt necessarily sound like hed already planned his farewell . While its not impossible that he planned the song as his epitaph , we need proof of that , and the current wording implies that it was the last song he wrote . --
poke	Adam gives report to his wife via the intercom that they got attacked , but are now fine and are advancing further on .
starwars	Alliance Civilian Battle Award
starwars	Queen Yram was a female human who served as the monarch of the human inhabitants of the planet Naboo at some point prior to King Veruna .
muppet	Sesame Place is the official Sesame Street theme park located at 100 Sesame Road in Langhorne , Pennsylvania . First opening in 1980 , the park is operated by http//seaworldparks.com/ SeaWorld Parks
starwars	The Gon Tiek system was a star system located in the Atravis sector .
poke	The Breloom attack and blast everyone away , causing everyone to get separated .
poke	One of the women asks Ash if she saw him before and check her list , but finds no info about him .
starwars	In actuality , only the Sullustan resistance movement , which remained independent of the Alliance , provided some support and aid , while Sullust itself remained deeply divided .
muppet	Hey , before you delete all the EW episodes , can you make a list of episodes so we dont lose that information ? --
poke	Kenny explains to Norman the situation , so Caroline decides to leave , even on her wedding anniversary .
muppet	So , should we still consider these in active development or not ? -- TomH 1921 , 16 January 2009
starwars	Thesme system
muppet	Exciting thing about that Pirate Chest entry its listed as VTR in my document . Perhaps an Anything Muppets Pirate sketch weve never seen ?
poke	's Gym and engaged in battle with one of Ash 's Pokémon when he arrived at the Gym .
poke	Nero is about to retreat , but Sullivan wants to battle it , sending Flaaffy , Hannah .
poke	May is glad she and Bulbasaur found a new friend today , while the heroes are glad Bulbasaur is on their team .
starwars	Vipke
poke	Brock sends Lombre and Mudkip , who use Water Gun on the door , with Pikachu following up with Thunderbolt .
muppet	Are regional TV listing covers notable ? I know Sesame Park made the Toronto Star Starweek cover
poke	Norman calls Slaking , who uses Focus Punch , blasting Team Rocket off immediately .
muppet	The Muppets kicked off the 2016 parade with a pre-recorded musical number `` Hey , Its Macys ! `` , a variation of The Great Muppet The Great Muppet Capers opening number , `` Hey a Movie ! '' The song was performed by a large crowd of Muppets , including Kermit , Miss Piggy , Fozzie Bear , Gonzo , Scooter , Rowlf the Dog , Lew Zealand , the Swedish Chef , Sweetums , Pepe the King Pepe , Dr. Bunsen Honeydew , Beaker , Statler and Waldorf a couple Chickens and some Penguins , along with assorted Macys clowns and dancing Christmas trees . Following this , Miss Piggy appeared in an introduction with Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie , which led into a live performance of `` Twist and Shout '' by Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem . Toward the end of the parade , Miss Piggy and Tony Bennett gave a live performance of `` Santa Claus is Coming to Town . ''
starwars	When the Commander took harsh actions against traitors , Lana always stood by their side , even if she had brought the people in question in to begin with .
starwars	Skywalker followed her and tried to convince her to stay , but she reaffirmed that she needed to go on her own path , stating that she knew that her master understood the feeling of wanting to leave the Jedi .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket spies on May , thinking of how to steal Ash 's Pikachu .
poke	Anthony leaves , promising to teach Pelipper some more powerful moves , while the heroes go to the Pokémon Center to heal Pikachu .
poke	Pikachu and Torkoal confirm it is the same one they encountered on the way to Lilycove City .
muppet	Hey , Brian ! Whered you get The Man from Alphabet cast list from ? I dont have my copy of the test pilot yet , does it credit the performers , or did somebody just identify them ?
muppet	On June 16 , 2011 , a third teaser trailer was released to accompany the opening of Green Lantern . As with the previous trailers , it was available for viewing on Disney.com and was also uploaded to the MuppetsStudios YouTube channel . However unlike the earlier viral campaigns for Green with Envy and The Fuzzy Pack , the Being Green parody trailer did not generate a Facebook page or separate YouTube account . In the trailer , Gary even comments on the fake trailer gag , exclaiming `` Wait , wait wait ! Stop ! Is this another Muppet trailer parody ? Why dont we just show a real trailer ? What are we hiding ? Did we make the movie in Swedish or something ? '' After a shot of The Swedish Chef torching some rancid food , the trailer ends clarifying that the film is `` not in Swedish , we promise . ''
poke	Team Rocket goes to catch Surskit , but Skitty comes and plays with Jessie 's hair .
starwars	During the Clone Wars , the Grand Army of the Republic used Prowler 1000 exploration droids .
starwars	The centerpiece of Corellia StarDrive 's scout ship line , it was designed to be equipped with advanced reconnaissance , communication and offensive capabilities .
poke	Cacnea uses Needle Arm , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , hitting the former , and blasting Team Rocket off .
muppet	Thats neat that theres another Sesame Street Live show being planned . Could you tell me your source for the title ? With a web search I could only find it on wikipedia ... --
starwars	Emperor of Air and Darkness was an album by the band Deeply Religious .
starwars	Katuunko officially denies the Republic their rights to a base on Toydaria , but afterwards he secretly meets Organa and Binks and tells them that the humanitarian factor has actually gained his favor .
poke	Its trainer , Guy , manages to subdue it and to solve their problems , Ash challenges Guy to a battle , where both Loudred and Treecko evolve .
muppet	A Full-Bodied full-bodied lion performed `` Lets Call the Whole Thing Off '' with his gladiator partner , Sylvester Stallone , on Episode 320 Sylvester episode 320 of The Muppet Show . The Lion and Stallone agree to each other in song that theyre just putting on a good show for the spectators .
muppet	Hi , Carlo -- I see that youre adding to your page on the wiki ; thats great ! Just so you know , our format is that pictures go on the right side of the page , at 300px wide , and the text goes around that . If theres anything I can do to help you with the formatting , please let me know ! --
starwars	Solo declined her offer without acknowledging her accusations , and Jade Skywalker ultimately decided to murder him .
muppet	Incredible find ! Did you scan it or get it somewhere else ?
muppet	Derek Amer was the suit performer for the Farscape character Teurac in the episode `` Episode 105 PK Tech PK Tech Girl '' .
muppet	Hey , just in case youve missed it , be sure to check into the Special discussion Tom started . --
muppet	Citing sources is crucial to Muppet Wiki . As this database has developed , weve found it ever needful to be sure of our information , and the best way to do that is to clearly identify the sources quotes , background information , and other items which are not located within a productions credits or dialogue . As the many Muppet rumors prove , whats accepted as `` common knowledge '' is not always fact . Citing specific episodes , books , and newspaper articles supplies a system of checks and balances , and allows for a better wiki .
poke	May sees Ash has copied Brawly 's old strategy , but Brock wonders how Brawly can not counter it .
muppet	Muppets Most Wanted is a follow-up to the 2011 feature film The Muppets The Muppets released in U.S. theaters by The Walt Disney Walt Disney Pictures on March 21 , 2014 .
poke	Unusually , he tells them to be in the submarine and not do anything , since they need to work on something .
muppet	Segel wrote the script for The Muppets The Muppets , a new Muppet movie , with Forgetting Sarah Marshall director and co-writer Nick Stoller . In June 2008 , Segel said `` I actually just turned in my first draft of the Muppets and Im really excited about it . I think were bringing them back . Hopefully it will fall right in the pantheon of The Great Muppet Caper , The Muppets Take Muppets Take Manhattan , The Muppet Muppet Movie , you know , were trying to make one of those . ''
starwars	and forcibly recruit scientist Galen Erso to complete the work of the Death Star , a space station capable of destroying entire planets .
muppet	I cant believe Id forgotten about Mister Ed all this time . Bully for you ! --
muppet	Additionally , the Muppets have made appearances on several programs on the channel , including Paulas Party , Food Network Challenge , Emeril Live , Dinner Impossible , Thanksgiving Live , Cake Wars , and Barefoot Contessa . Several of these shows have based their episodes featured recipes and competitions around the Muppets presence .
poke	Bulbasaur attempts to calm them down , but more Grass Pokémon arrive to attack May .
muppet	Ambrosino has been especially active in Marvel Marvel film adaptations , crafting the metal structure for the blind heros costume in Daredevil , chainmail for Hogun and Loki in Thor , and Thors own costume in that film and The Avengers , as well as work on Captain America The Winter Soldier and Ant-Man .
muppet	A chronological list of productions for which Jim Hensons Creature Shop provided special effects , creatures , puppets , or additional services .
poke	It is in need of research why it , h POKE , and a handful of other Pokemon are this same height and weight .
muppet	Whyd you take Characters and Characters out of Characters ? Theyre pretty unseen . -- Scott Scarecroe 2303 , 21 February 2006
poke	May 's Skitty goes out and May protects it , but in so doing , Skarmory grabs her and sends her away .
starwars	After discovering the last known Zillo Beast during the battle on Malastare , Chancellor Palpatine ordered it brought to the Republic Science and Technical Center on Coruscant .
poke	Everyone takes a swing , but Team Rocket uses an arm , causing everyone to be pushed away and fall down .
poke	Tate activates the machine , and a projection of them being in space is displayed .
muppet	Isnt this basically the same page content as Songs Covered on Sesame Street ? If so , should we merge the two onto this page ? -- -- User and Bert Jesse
poke	Alanna thanks them for finding Team Rocket , who is startled , as they did not intend to give Whismur back .
muppet	Miss Piggy I would love to tell you everything about our next production , but I can ’ t ! And do you know why I can ’ t ? Because nobody has told moi anything about it ! ! ! In fact , I just found out about it NOW , from you ! So , tell me , what do you know ? And are you interested in representing me in negotiations , because obviously my agent Bernie is asleep at the wheel . You hear that , Bernie ? ! I ’ ve got the Wall Street Journal fronting me now . So take a walk !
muppet	April , 1988 Working w/ Kirk Thatcher on computer generated character - Later Waldo
poke	James prays his Chimecho is not hurt during the Contest , but Meowth reminds him by whom it will be used .
starwars	It was later named in Koong 's entry in the original Databank on StarWars.com .
starwars	Gillehspy
poke	Max talks to the receptionist about repairing , but she replies they do n't do repairs .
muppet	Im not sure if this fits the page , but I recall a section of those The Sesame Street Treasury or The Sesame Street Library books where Grover was talking about colors and when he talked about green , he mentions a `` certain , singing frog who shall remained unnamed . '' and a short except of `` Bein Green '' is seen being sung from in a nearby pond . Anyone know the book ? - Oscarfan 2219 , 10 March 2009
muppet	If the wikia is in urgent need of cleanup from vandalism you can request help from the Volunteer Spam Task Force . If there is some other issue that requires the rights sooner than the week a request typically takes then please message me about it on my wall on central .
muppet	Deck the Wiki Jim Henson and the Muppets have made numerous holiday specials , films and other productions . From Christmas Eve on Sesame Street to The Muppet Christmas Carol and Emmet Otters Jug-Band Christmas to A Muppet Family Christmas , weve got them all . Our comprehensive Christmas category covers more than 20 holiday productions , 115 holiday songs , 80 unique merchandise items , 40 Christmas books , 18 Christmas albums , 15 guest appearances , and a partridge in a pear tree . Check out Muppet our holiday pages and get in the Christmas spirit the Muppet way .
poke	Ash wonders if aromatherapy is a new Pokémon , but is told the fragrances of the flowers should cure Skitty of its illness .
starwars	Xasha ( nicknamed `` X '' ) was a female bounty hunter who , in 1 BBY , lived with Boba Fett on Nar Shaddaa and wore a customized armored-suit composed of pieces from both Mandalorian and Clone trooper armor .
starwars	Endente flees on one of the Sugi while ordering the other Sugi to hold back the Jedi .
starwars	It cost 1,000 credits .
muppet	The last network radio comedy was Stan The Stan Freberg Show on CBS in 1957 . Most soap operas ended in 1960 , as the genre moved to television . The mystery series Suspense and Yours Truly Johnny Dollar both ceased in the fall of 1962 . Thus , Jim Henson grew up during the tail-end of the radio era , and was exposed to such series as The Shadow and The Green Hornet .
muppet	In the Season 41 41st season of Sesame Street , Law presented the word `` cling '' as the Word of the Day with some Muppet animals . The segment featured Leslie Leslie Carrara performing a mouse , and Carmen Osbahr puppeteering one of the tentacles of the octopus . UydIInakY_0 } } The two rewrote the script , to include themselves as performers , so they could help demonstrate the word .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the , Hoot
starwars	The trade blows for several seconds until Skywalker Force pushes Ventress off the temple into the ruins below .
poke	As Brock , Ash and Max come to May , Skitty awakes and plays around by chasing its own tail .
muppet	Back at that Big Blue House , Tutter says that hes off to bed because tomorrows going to be another day of exploring . `` Oh , and Bear ? Thank you , Bear . '' Bear says hes welcome and bids him good night . He heads up to the attic to tell Luna about the day . She says that she was just arriving from the other side of the world . Its a long trip , but she gets to see many interesting things along the way . Bear tells her that he and the others saw many things too , first by looking in a microscope . She says that she always wanted to look in one , `` but when youre the moon , you have to be satisfied with the big picture . '' She asks what everyone was doing at the Otter Pond and Bear tells her about the treasure map and the lost cheese . She tells Bear that she was once visited by some explorers herself , called astronauts . She says that she has to get back into the sky in case a night traveler needs her light . Before she leaves , though , she and Bear sing `` The Goodbye Song '' together . The song finishes and Bear heads inside , thanking us for exploring the Big Blue House . He bids us goodbye and turns off the light , but then turns it back on , saying that he almost forgot `` Remember , you dont have to go too far to explore . You never know what you might discover in your own backyard . See you soon ! ''
muppet	A new contributor just added a picture of a loaf of bread , but its not french bread . Is the screenshot wrong , or is the text ? —
muppet	Also Im hoping the scripts include Noggin-aired episodes which have incomplete Wiki guides . ; )
muppet	Yeah , pester away ! But I think that most of the stuff will be quite self-explanatory . If Im not around , try Quinn or Isha on the ToughPigs board ; they know German . And maybe theyd be interested as well !
poke	Corphish decides to protect Torchic , who gathers all of its bravery to attack .
muppet	Is there a source for the billing ? The Web Video Player lists all of their sketches as `` Julius and Jasper '' , instead of the other way around . Or is their billing a case similar to that of `` Bert and Ernie '' vs. `` Ernie and Ernie and Bert ? -- User Minor muppetz 1934 , 10 December 2007
muppet	He appeared to host Americas hottest game show , `` When Youre Hot , Youre Hot ! `` , with Gina as the contestant .
starwars	However , millennia of distortion introduced into the historical record combined with the Sand People 's extreme hostility to the idea of introducing new interpretations into their oral tradition made it impossible for Revan to investigate this further .
muppet	I have seen a comment or two on facebook from Pepe the King Pepe haters who seem to think that he was created by Disney , and they blame Disney for him . This is probably due to his irreverent personality and the fact that he is a new Muppet who happened to pop up in recent years
poke	After finding the Pokémon Center , Ash runs towards it and his friends follow him , while a Pokémon from afar watches them .
muppet	Otto the Octopus hangs out in the video operating room , annoying Kermit the Kermit in the Sing Muppet Sing Along video Muppet Sing Alongs Its Not Easy Being Its Not Easy Being Green .
poke	He woke up and Onix , with a red ribbon , and his father were standing before him ; they went to the mountains , where Brock 's father wished his son happy birthday , knowing Onix would be Brock 's friend .
muppet	The `` Poseidon The Musical '' Singers , a pair of Whatnots , appeared in episode 24 of From the Statler
starwars	After settling on the moon Nar Shaddaa , the Zhug brothers started earning credits by collecting bounties .
poke	The real May and Max reply they want to be moving , but the crowd wants to see May showing some Coordinator attacks .
muppet	Edit Okay , no issue here . One time glitch I guess . Feel free to ignore .
starwars	Assuming their final answer was `` no , '' Ezra stated that he and Chopper would go back alone .
muppet	According to the 1993 storybook A Merry Muppet Christmas Through the Window , Betina and Belinda were played by pigs named Miranda and Melinda .
starwars	In 3 ABY , So-Hem and the `` Sixmoon '' were among four rebel battle groups in a flotilla in the Elochar sector consisting of a dozen rebel ships , including the CR90 corvette `` Thunderstrike '' , the troop transport of the 61st Mobile Infantry .
muppet	They were later used in occasional production numbers on The Muppet Show , including a song and dance with Bruce Forsyth in Episode 113 Bruce episode 113 .
muppet	Milton Miller is the leader of his Milton Miller and His Farmyard Philharmonic Farmyard Philharmonic Trio . They performed `` Is This the Old Sow '' as the UK Spots ( The Muppet UK Spot on Episode 415 Anne episode 415 of The Muppet Show . The purple Whatnot performs by striking the pig , sheep , and duck that make up his trio with a pitchfork , not unlike Marvin Suggs .
muppet	Sorry to be a dick about this ; I hope you understand where were coming from .
muppet	I found this image online with the caption `` Kermit and Piggy at the Hollywood Bowl - 2006 '' . Does anyone have any information on what took place there and could create an appearance page for the event ? Im in the dark on this one . --
muppet	In a Sesame Street insert , Gina reads `` Little Miss Muffet and the Spider The Continuing Story . '' 2833 } } The story begins like the rhyme usually does , but it keeps going as Miss Muffet is continually frightened by the spider wherever she goes . Gina suggests to Miss Muffet that instead of running away , she befriend the spider , who turns out to be nice .
poke	Jimmy tells the heroes how he met his Pokémon : he got Squirtle , who evolved into Wartortle , then ran into Ivysaur and Charmeleon .
starwars	The Weequay pilot Rintel Aren was a seasoned warrior who served as a guard in the palace of the Hutt crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure on the planet Tatooine .
starwars	The Jedi , however , knew that actively influencing voting might prompt cries of `` foul play '' from Rodan , and decided to let Omas handle the situation himself .
starwars	The Rebel Alliance officer , Rad Torlent was born on Neutra Four shortly before the Galactic Empire seized control of the planet during the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	According to a source , Sashal was a petite woman , and according to Grand Lord Darish Vol , she was stupid .
starwars	It could be mixed with Zabrak ferment , flavored with lachrymead then garnished with a vaporator mushroom to make a drink called Cassandra Sunrise , which was served at Chalmun 's Cantina .
starwars	Some , like Paak , were reluctant to follow the instructions of others without confirmation from their leader .
poke	There , the gang learns that not long ago most of the city was just plant life and that many , many Shroomish lived in the area .
muppet	In February 2009 The Jim Henson Company appointed Hasbro , Inc. the master toy and game licensee for Sid the Science Kid . The four-year license grants Hasbro the rights to introduce an array of Sid the Science Kid products . Hasbros line of Sid the Science Kid toys and games is slated to debut at retailers in the fall of 2009 .
muppet	Awesome -- I love new SG entries ! Clearly I have to pick up those new DVDs . Question about the second one you added is it part of an original PWMS episode , or was it presented as a sketch ? Scott
starwars	Tey ordered the Moomos to stay put while she thought of an alternate plan , making sure to stress that the Ithorians avoid doing anything at all .
starwars	Battle of Sullust ( Delvardus campaign )
starwars	She picked up an escape pod carrying a lone Rebel crewman , who had with him the plans for the second Death Star .
muppet	Also , looking at your recent contributions , it appears as though youre having some trouble with editing . We have a Muppet Wiki that youre welcome to play around in to make test edits .
starwars	Author Daniel Wallace stated definitively in the article `` We Need to Talk About Jar Jar '' , written for `` Star Wars Insider 131 '' in February 2012 , that the stories included in the `` '' comic trade paperback are non-canon .
muppet	I like the idea of a Sandbox article corralling provably inaccurate anecdotes -- not just from Caroll , but from others as well -- to help draw a line between facts and evidence , and fiction , faulty memories , or what just makes a good story .
poke	Brock remembers that Linoone usually run in a straight line and Max confirms this fact .
poke	In doing so , Meowth bounces onto the Wurmple , so May and Jessie 's Wurmple get mixed up .
muppet	Part 2 Its the next morning . The Count had a good night , but he didnt sleep . His counting kept Ernie up , and now Ernie is walking and counting like a zombie . FvrDMuiOTo4 } }
starwars	After Lady Jenza was kidnapped , by Republic-backed agents , Dooku tasked Asajj Ventress to track her down soon after Ventress became his apprentice .
poke	The heroes thank Steven , who admits he would not have found the stone without their help .
poke	Everyone is impressed , for Bulbasaur 's combination attack was beautiful to many , making it look like the stage is in bloom with flowers .
muppet	Hey Brad , do you remember where the http//muppet.fandom.com/index.php ? title=Episode_2122
poke	The submarine arrives and as Tabitha reports to the leader , the leader sees the heroes , who realize they ca n't hide .
starwars	Junda intervened , knocking the Trandoshan challenger down .
poke	After arriving to the beach , May decides to show what combo she has been working on lately .
starwars	Upon arrival on Mutdah 's estate on Oseon 5792 , Calrissian was escorted by a pair of security guards to Mutdah 's presence , where he delivered the lesai to the trillionaire .
starwars	Ezra Bridger , the central character of `` Star Wars Rebels '' , however , had a very strong family support system by the people around him even though he could be tempted by the dark side .
starwars	Niovi then surrendered the fleet to the New Republic , in the person of Captain Volahn of the `` Equity '' .
muppet	Hes not listed in the credits , either under cast or `` special thanks '' . I tried to find a source to back it up , but I couldnt find anything online or in The Wisdom of Big Bird . Anyone know of a way we can back this up ?
starwars	In 0 ABY both Han Solo and Chewbacca were forced into the game as part of a plot from the Wheel 's administrator , Simon Greyshade .
muppet	If youre looking for something to work on , click on the Attention link in the navigation box to the left . That category is for pages that could use some more work , and wed love to have your help with them !
starwars	The Jedi agreed but only if they were allowed full access to the prisoner .
muppet	The song was also performed in the Sesame Street Live show , A Sesame Street Mystery The Case of the Missing Rara Avis .
muppet	Since Wendy will probably answer under `` Composers '' , I moved the other part to up here . Well , I didnt get to go today , since some other things came up
starwars	By 4985 BBY , approximately 18,000 members of Kesh 's native species , the Keshiri , called Tetsubal home .
muppet	Thanks for finding more Japanese CDs of US albums ! Where are you finding those ? They look like cardboard covers instead of jewel cases . Now Im wondering if their CDs came out more than once , with different packaging . I know that some of their CDs came out up to 3 times , with different catalog numbers . --
poke	Later on , everybody eats watermelons , complimenting Natasha for growing such tasty watermelons .
starwars	It fell into the area of space known as The Slice .
starwars	The novel ends with Soldier and Grace , who managed to collect the medication off of the destroyed medical shuttle in time and escape in Nyss ' ship , flying out into the Unknown Regions to start a new life together .
muppet	He said once in an ITC press junket , of working on The Muppet Show , that it was just the kind of program he enjoyed working on `` My forte is material written for a special situation . Im a one performance-only man ! '' Charles would work with Henson after The Muppet Show on other programs , including The Muppets Go Hollywood and The Muppet Show Live .
muppet	The following types of Anything Muppets appear on Sesame Street ; terms for these are derived from CTW style guides and other official sources
muppet	A new user posted `` It is believed the character of Animal is based at least in part upon the likeness of Keith Moon , drummer for the seminal British rock band The Who . '' Can I ask where that rumor comes from ? `` It is believed '' doesnt seem like a good enough source to me . -- Toughpigs 1757 , 17 Dec 2005
muppet	At the Episode 101 beginning of Farscape , Crichton travels through a wormhole from earth , and finds himself in the middle of Moya and Pilots escape from the Peacekeepers . It later becomes apparent that he has the knowledge of wormhole technology in his head , something that Scorpius would very much like to have for himself .
starwars	Purple Team returns with their last hilt pieces to the assembly table .
poke	Treecko uses Quick Attack , so Yanma and Ariados attack Treecko with Sonic Boom and String Shot .
poke	Jessie has Seviper retrieve the bag , but Ash sends Corphish and uses Bubble Beam , hitting Seviper .
poke	He and Pikachu are being spun around , until Pikachu presses another button , stopping the machine .
poke	The heroes , Shauna and Brawly go to the island where Ash will have his rematch with Brawly .
muppet	It still needs work and Im sure theres a lot of other examples and interesting explanations that can be made about characters being unclothed - I know Kermits made a bunch of references in interviews about not wearing pants and so forth .
muppet	And yeah , the last new CDs were Old School Vol . 2 in 2010 . After that , except for the CD of A Special Sesame Street Christmas , which was a very odd thing to release , theyve made a bunch of download-only compilations , and apparently no new titles . Im surprised they havent at least tried to make some downloads of more recent music . Im not really up on the post-1990 songs , but I should figure out sometime where they stopped chronologically . I wonder if Muppets Most Wanted does well , if the rumored new Sesame Street movie will get moving again .
starwars	Casus Belli 107
poke	Seeing the Treecko cares much for its home , Ash and Pikachu decide to show respect by tending to the tree with Treecko .
poke	Timmy is determined not to lose , while Tommy asks her wife when did she see Timmy this determined .
starwars	He was also a famous weaponsmith who created a schematic for a new type of blaster which could tip the scales in the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	He said that Carrick should be taken to Krynda for examination post haste .
muppet	Youre nearing fifty contributions as of this writing , and so far half of them have been reverted or deleted , which isnt a good sign considering that you started editing only two days ago . We appreciate that you are contributing , but it would help if you could slow down and take the time to read our Muppet FAQ and Muppet Wiki and policy pages to understand the Wiki a little better . Please reply to this so I know youve seen and understand these messages . Thanks !
starwars	`` The Comeback Clones '' is a seven-page magazine article written by Kristin Baver and published in `` Star Wars Insider '' 195 on February 4 , 2020 .
muppet	The program begins with a spoof of the intro to Alfred Alfred Hitchcock Presents , with Big Bird in place of Hitchcock , but Big Birds outline wont stay put for him to fill . Big Bird , claiming to be a `` big time director , '' then introduces the short films , stating an old Hollywood adage `` Theres no such thing a a short film , just short attention spans . '' The segments include
poke	Torchic then uses Peck , but Mudkip blasts Torchic with Water Gun again , ending the battle .
muppet	July 2005 Bedtime is the theme of this special issue of Sesame Street Magazine . `` Good night , sleep tight '' welcomes the opening notes . Content in this issue is designed to deal with bedtime fears and anxieties , and to help turn bedtime into fun time . Cynthia Jabar , Maggie Swanson , Robert Neubecker , Tom Brannon , Joe Ewers , David Dees , Bob Berry , Colleen Pidel and Ron Zalme all provided illustrations for this issue . This issue also includes content from Sesame Street Sign Language ABC with Linda Bove .
poke	Team Rocket was watching the battle and plan to capture Pelipper , but remind themselves that Pelipper is the most powerful Pokémon in the world , to which they need a more powerful one to capture the Pelipper .
starwars	In 43 BBY , the threesome was kicked out of the 12 Tavern on Simpla-12 after Tup called someone 's mother a Kowakian monkey-lizard .
muppet	Kurtz contributed to Sesame Street Magazine from 1989 to 1995 . In 1989 , he provided illustrations for a Sticker Fun book , and several books in the `` Big Bird Beep Books '' set . He illustrated a Play-a-Song book in 2009 , and is credited on several of the Sesame Street sticker books Sesame sticker books produced by Dover Publications from 2009 to 2011 .
poke	The lad explains he left his home to become the Pokémon League Champion , since that was his wish .
muppet	All it does is cause Jonathan to get a notification for activity to his page . It doesnt communicate with anybody .
poke	Wattson reveals he will use his Voltorb , Magnemite and Magneton against Ash since he has been battling with them for years , but Brock is surprised Wattson would admit which Pokémon he 'd use .
muppet	I was wondering if you have any episodes that have the animated openings . Im trying to expand this page about Sesame Street Animated Openings that I started . Anything you can add would be great ! --
muppet	Also , you might want to clarify country over franchise name . Since in France , theres `` 1 , Rue Sésame , '' `` 5 , Rue Sésame , '' and it seems to show up on albums and elsewhere as just the street , so the country means more than saying `` just Rue Sésame . '' Thanks !
muppet	Fosters songs , which have been performed many times in different Muppet or Sesame Street projects , include the following
poke	On May 1 , 2012 , Kidsco Media Ventures LLC , an affiliate of Saban Capital Group , placed a bid to acquire some of 4Kids ' assets , including the US rights to the `` Yu-Gi-Oh ! ''
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the to Share page .
starwars	Red Wind
poke	Forrest admits he will travel on his journey , pleasing Forrester , who decides to watch over the area .
muppet	`` Rubber Duckie '' is Ernies signature song , a tribute to his beloved Rubber Duckie Rubber Duckie . The song enjoyed popular fame , reaching number 16 on
poke	May wonders which Pokémon Ash is going to choose to battle Norman , but Ash thinks it does not matter , as they all are in great shape .
muppet	Shouldnt we merge this with all the other letter segments ? User Webkinz Mania 1957 , 10 January 2009
poke	Ash and Cozmo split up to take the meteorite , while Tabitha feels the earth 's energy will be at their control .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Its good to see you jumping in and adding to pages . My names Peter , and Im one of the admins here . If you let us know your name , well put you on the Community portal .
poke	Team Rocket orders him to give them the Pelipper , so they can do whatever they want with it , or else they will expose the truth .
poke	There , they meet the Whiskers Pokémon , Whiscash , which is causing troubling earthquakes while rampaging underground and causing a huge problem above ground for the inhabitants on the island .
starwars	Assigned a mission on Orto , the two Jedi were forced to contact the Acquisition Division after being denied permission to take a Force-sensitive infant for training .
muppet	Hey Jeff ! Thanks for taking the stub page I made for Topo Sticky and running with it . I only had a few minutes at work today to throw it together , but its much improved now .
starwars	He was not quick to embrace new ideas , but obeyed orders faithfully nevertheless .
muppet	Steve Martin then decides to do an act . Kermit tells him that he doesnt have to , because the show was canceled . But Steve insists that he does something for the regular cast . he decides to do a balloon animals act . However , he learns that the others had already seen it performed , and doesnt want to repeat himself , so he decides to make animal balloons without blowing them up . But he does eventually blow the balloons up , and later talks about how he gets his balloons from a balloon farm . However , the parent of Steves balloons comes and attacks him .
muppet	Beginning with Episode 101 Pig Girls Dont the pilot , the couple are confused by their daughters relationship with Fozzie Bear . The two have a hard time understanding how the relationship can work , questioning how theyll raise their children and the fact that they ’ re two very different species .
starwars	Yoda reassures Kenobi that Skywalker 's doubts are not his fault .
poke	Ash and Pikachu get some wings to show Swablu how to fly , while Max believes they should help out to get Swablu to go back to its flock , while Morita promises to find its flock .
starwars	Originally studied by the Tarkin Initiative during the reign of the Empire , the technology was not established for several more decades when a team assembled by General Armitage Hux discovered how to implement the technology .
poke	Max claims the Double Battle could be a challenge in Rustboro City Gym , so Ash accepts the challenge .
muppet	Just a reminder to make sure you check `` What links here '' when moving a page . I just went through and edited a bunch of pages which were linking to Blue when they were meant to have been linked to Blue
muppet	Bobo appeared on Statler and Waldorf From the Balcony at movies.com , where he was seen auditioning for Star Wars Episode III - Revenge of the Sith . Bobo performed parodies of Star Wars characters such as Yoda `` Careful you must be when sensing the future ! Geez , what is this guy , dyslexic or something ? ''
poke	Roxanne is honored Ash and May will have their first Hoenn Gym battle in Rustboro City , but May explains she 'll become a Coordinator instead .
starwars	The character who would eventually become known as Elis Helrot first appeared in the 1977 original trilogy film , .
muppet	Hi ! Sorry it took me so long to get back to you . Those screenshots are taken from the Old School DVD set . I dont know if that fits Wikipedias definition of fair use or not ... --
poke	Brock explains upon evolution , Vigoroth gains the Ability Vital Spirit , which makes it immune to sleep effects .
muppet	The following types of Muppet Mentions should be avoided , and pages of this type may be deleted
muppet	What Oscarfan said - it was just one of the ideas I had ; I originally thought , since a good chunk of Sesame Street doesnt involve Muppets , and because the show was not produced by Henson , it should have its own wiki to cover both the Muppet and non-Muppet portions of the show , while this wiki would only focus on the bits that involve the Muppets . But thats just me . What Im doing here is experimenting with the format for each character page . Im also using these sandbox pages to jot down international translations that arent already listed here .
starwars	During Qel-Droma 's trial before the Galactic Senate , Kun marches into the Senate Building , killing the Supreme Chancellor and helping Qel-Droma escape .
starwars	She 'd led a brilliant career of finding cures to several plagues and saving entire planets—until she herself was infested by both corruption and insanity .
poke	Beautifly does so , but fails , displeasing May , who knows that move would earn them a lot of appeal .
starwars	The tooka was owned by the Aphra family while they lived together in a home in the University Quarter of the Second Moon of Thrinittik at some point after 20 BBY .
muppet	Need your help . Could you please outright delete Message Wall , and then fully protect it from being created ? Its very existence is playing merry havoc with me at w. I cant get rid of the notification that I have a message on muppet , thanks to a known incompatibility between wikis that use MW and wikis that dont . My wiki doesnt use MW , so that means any messages left on any MW around Wikia are very hard to dismiss . There was a workaround that was kinda working , but Wikia have apparently released some new code today , and that seems to be screwing with things .
starwars	`` Lightyear '' was a song that the RX-Series pilot droid R-3X played on the radio station BSO 401.72 in Black Spire Outpost on the planet Batuu in 34 ABY .
poke	Brock thinks May has already won this battle , as she knows Kelly wanted to deflect the attack with Psychic , but with Combusken firing at the ceiling , the fires are hitting Grumpig indirectly .
muppet	Oh , well . I guess I just wanted to use an off-wiki image of Kermit YAAAAYing .
muppet	Hey , Scott , do you think my page for Glen Campbell is too short ? I could write more , but I was afraid of writing too much . I dont know if he was ever on Sesame Street , and all I see so far is the one song he sang on the country album . What do you think ? --
poke	Dustox uses Poison Sting , allowing the needles to be spinned by Whirlwind , and Psybeam to spread glitter around .
poke	A man reports he saw May and Max by the fountain few moments ago , so Rose realizes they are imposters .
starwars	By 25,200 BBY , the year of Xer 's birth , the Humans of the Tion had formed three states : the Kingdom of Cron , the Kingdom of Barseg , and the Livien League .
starwars	Nobis , furious at being outmatched by such Jedi , woke up and pursued them outside .
starwars	No one was allowed onto the base without the clearance of Colonel Jir Tramsig , who spent about a quarter of his time in the system at Soboll .
starwars	Synth-hide/Legends
poke	Then , Chaz helps Ash to teach Iron Tail to Pikachu , while May becomes more interested in Pokémon Contests .
muppet	My thinking is that the FAQ is the first place someone lands on the wiki when they become an editor . Either by way of the welcome bot , or navigating to Special which Wikia has recently centralized as something of a hub recently .
starwars	Gradak Ungan appears in `` '' during the Bounty Hunter class mission on Hoth .
muppet	We usually go with a songs https//repertoire.bmi.com/DetailView.aspx ? detail=titleid
starwars	It was tended by Vik , a male Devaronian with knowledge concerning goings on in Mos Shuuta .
muppet	If anyone has complete copies of these episodes , please post whatever I posted in the parentheses .
starwars	The planetary shields would not be lowered except in absolute need , to keep the asteroids from falling from orbit and damaging the planet 's surface or killing its inhabitants .
muppet	Im great . How are you ? I really hope I didnt do anything wrong . -- User Fraggle Nick
muppet	There are other topics at https//sesamestreetincommunities.org/topics/ sesamestreetincommunities.org/topics most if which I believe are linked to some other previously named initiative I think , but I havent gone through them all yet .
starwars	`` Star Wars Insider '' Special Edition 2010 : Your Official Guide is a collector 's edition of the magazine published by Titan Magazines in 2010 .
starwars	Albee Dewaw
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 0538 , 25 August 2009
starwars	A male was the son of a commander in the Imperial Military during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire .
muppet	`` Whats That Smell ? '' was heard in the Bear in the Big Blue House episodes `` Episode 236 Call It a Call It a Day '' and `` Episode 312 Smellorama '' .
muppet	Weve got Return to Labyrinth on one page , and thats had three issues out already . Why are we treating this manga differently ? --
starwars	The race was broadcast over the HoloNet , and was aired in a club on the planet Coruscant .
starwars	CIS Shadowfeed Dispatch 14:2:14 Edition was an in-universe `` CIS Shadowfeed '' issue published in `` Star Wars Insider 65 '' .
starwars	C-3PO provided this service to Marcopius , when he died .
muppet	The entry on this page for `` Elmos Make Believe Trip '' was appended with this note
starwars	Clan Wren
muppet	A Singing Weatherman is admitted as a patient in Veterinarians Hospital during Episode 516 Gladys episode 516 of The Muppet Show .
starwars	Pru stuns Roger from behind .
muppet	File and Miss Piggy - Behind the Scenes of The Behind the Scenes of The Muppets featurette
starwars	The armories were stocked with blasters , blast helmets and blast vests , and offices for security personnel .
poke	As they head to the restaurant , Pikachu becomes super happy and goes somewhere .
poke	At the Center , Brock goes to charm Nurse Joy , but May pushes him aside Nurse Joy , thinking this is the same Joy from Oldale Town .
poke	Since nearly all his Pokémon are tired , Ash brings out his last Pokémon , Taillow .
starwars	They were accompanied by twenty-four ARC-170 starfighters which formed the first attack wave .
starwars	The hunters involved were not allowed to ask for any help from other A'Mar for the duration of the hunt , which lasted for the whole eclipse .
muppet	So did you talk with the other admins about a decent block for them . Advice in no offensive way You should talk before you block .
starwars	`` The Child Conqueror '' was described by General Cracken as a `` cunning warrior . ''
poke	Max reminds May she is in no position to lecture about battles , but Ash promises to train Keanu , but if he gets his Nincada back , a favor which Keanu appreciates .
starwars	The patrol had found him unconscious in the woods with documents implicating him in a vile plan to do harmful experiments on many Wookiees .
poke	The machine knocks Ash and Pikachu away , while Team Rocket departs in their balloon , with the Treecko .
poke	Julie mentions that she was a Coordinator and sees May 's Skitty will be useful for Contests , just needs more practice .
muppet	He first appeared in Episode 114 Sandy episode 114 , where he was a Full-Bodied full-body character for the only time and had black eyebrows instead of brown ones .
muppet	Griff is a dog tour guide who appears in The Furchester Hotel episode `` Episode 105 Count Your Count Your Chickens . ''
starwars	He then bought Petabys Station very cheaply and transformed it into one of the most successful Invisible Markets during the reign of the Galactic Empire .
muppet	Now with a possible name as a lead , Im going through all those film mags to see if I find a match .
muppet	The bird appeared again in `` Episode 503 The Voice The Voice Inside '' , providing accompaniment in the song `` Youre On Your Own '' . This time , its beak sounded like a muted trumpet .
starwars	At least some members of a species native to Brodo Asogi possessed this technique , while the Jedi of the New Jedi Order used this ability in the form of a healing trance .
poke	Castform goes into the air duct of the building , so Shelly orders to get the card back .
poke	The older Calista asks of the younger one to finish her research on this time machine , since she only wanted to let the younger one pursue her dream of becoming an archaeologist .
poke	The other women cheer for Savannah , the woman who asked May the questions , since she will be entering the Contest as well .
poke	Now that Pikachu is feeling better , Ash is ready to head to Oldale Town to sign up for the Hoenn League .
muppet	http//www.blackwell-synergy.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/j.1542-734X.2006.00270.x ? cookieSet=1
muppet	Say , Scott , what is up with The Vikings ? The page isnt linked to from anything save Images Wanted and is incredibly vague . Is it supposed to be about the pigs singing `` In the Navy , '' or the whatnot Vkings from The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson ? -- Andrew , Aleal 0124 , 28 March 2006
poke	May and Ash visit him , the latter explaining some Pokémon do n't want to evolve and want to be just the way they are - just like his Pikachu .
poke	Max promises to protect Ralts , while Pikachu attacks Team Rocket back with Thunderbolt .
muppet	Part 1 Cookie Monster tries to figure out how to not eat the cookie with an N on it .
poke	James and Meowth are surprised Jessie is going to enter , but Jessie points out Dustox 's combinations and Jessie 's beauty are a winning formula .
muppet	Hello there Ken . Havent stop by to say hello so i thought i would . Hello . Whats youve been up too lately ? Nothing here . Ive only stopped by here every once in a while just to see if theres anything i can try and help with but there seems to be nothing . Oh well . Something will come up sometime soon . Well im off to do nothing . Ill talk to you later . Peace out ! --
muppet	She occasionally rides a soapbox-style car around Sesame Street Sesame Street , called The the Zoemobile . She has a pet rock , Rocco , much to Elmos constant dismay and she owns a doll named Mimi Mimi . Her birthday is September 30
starwars	One thousand years later , Grand Admiral Nial Declann was a master of Sith battle meditation , using it to great effect during the Battle of Endor .
poke	Pikachu attacks Team Rocket with Thunder , releasing the container with the berries .
muppet	As a tie-in for the 2012 movie Ted , a browser game was launched called `` http//www.fistsoffurry.com/ Fists of Furry , '' where Ted fights parodies of other famous talking bears like Yogi Bear , Care a Care Bear , and Fozzie Bear .
poke	Nurse Joy treats Lunatone , saying it will feel better , but it needs moonlight to get its energy back .
muppet	Yay , the new pics look fabulous . Youre awesome . --
poke	However , the cave they fell into is much lower than the previous one , so Jessie thinks they can just climb back up .
poke	Suddenly , they hear something ; James turns the flashlight on and sees the Pokémon , a Lunatone .
poke	Corphish chases Skitty again , making May so angry at Ash for not stopping Corphish , though Ash hits back at her that Skitty did freeze dry Corphish .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1801 , January 26 , 2010
muppet	Little Cat Fleep appeared in The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 217 Talkin with the Talkin with the Cat . '' Little Cat Fleep pays a visit to the Cats Playhouse , but unlike the other The Little Little Cats , he speaks his own language , Fleep . The symbol on his hat also represents `` Fleep . '' `` Fleep '' and variations thereof constitute his entire vocabulary , initially posing communication problems , especially with Terrence McBird .
poke	Suddenly , they spot another one rolling to them , so Mudkip uses Water Gun and Corphish with Bubble Beam on it .
poke	May tries to convince the Pokémon she wo n't hurt them , but the Pokémon refuse to listen .
poke	Team Rocket overheard the story , so they decide to go to the lake before their enemies do .
poke	Ash , May and Max feel quite hungry , so Brock promises to cook if Max makes the impression of Corphish .
muppet	It was re-released by The Learning Company and Sesame Workshop in 2000 and again in 2002 as Sesame Street Baby . In 2003 , the later reissue was released in a deluxe edition which also included Elmos World Shoes , Bugs
poke	While Alanna admits she is doing this challenge to improve her teamwork with Whismur , Jigglypuff is following them .
poke	Max , Meowth and Pikachu have climbed to the top where they smell fresh air , though Meowth wonders how will they climb up .
starwars	This local was so well equipped , that it even had twelve different brands of ice .
starwars	He lost heavily to Ackbar at Maridun and Thanos , the latter in his own territory ; the New Republic moved in to take Gala and ultimately Teradoc 's capital of Centares , and the warlord 's kingdom collapsed .
starwars	Kaiya Stas
starwars	While Fixer held position near the squad 's snowspeeder on the planet 's surface , the remaining three members of Delta followed Vau into the underground halls of the bank , where Scorch proceeded to electronically disable the locks on the main vault 's door .
starwars	While birthing her first daughter , Talzin was struck with a fatal affliction , but was enlightened by the spirits of her culture and survived the incident .
poke	Jessie orders Arbok to use Acid , but Arbok cries because it was an Ekans before and does not want them to be hurt .
muppet	Oh , good ! Reverse Google Image Search led to this larger photo , too . Looks like Allan Trautman maybe . I like the eyes in the background . I probably wont be seeing this in theatres , but Ill check out the credits on home video in a couple months .
starwars	Following her assistance in bringing down Moff Kohl Seerdon , Moor retired from being an active member of Rogue Squadron to be an advisor to Mon Mothma , Chief of the Rebel Alliance .
muppet	Television credits include guest appearances on Law
starwars	A sealsuit was used by scouts exploring worlds with hostile atmospheres and environmental conditions .
poke	Armaldo digs out and goes for the berries , but the heroes also see Team Rocket with the machine .
starwars	The medal he had earned for his wrongdoings had now been the reason for his downfall .
muppet	This page is a duplicate of Samuel Snively , created as a stub by User in January . Obviously they need to be merged and the duplicate photo deleted . The question is which name to use . Watching the sketch on Sesame Street Video Player , the last name sounds like `` Snively '' to me , without doubt
muppet	The song was featured in the The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 208 The Cat in the Hats First-First The Cat in the Hats First-First Day '' .
starwars	The core personnel of the Praetorite Vong were a specialist cadre within the administrative Intendant caste though it was open to members of all castes .
poke	May sends her Beautifly , who uses Gust to send Team Rocket on the submarine , followed by Pikachu using Thunderbolt to blast them off .
muppet	The film follows three teams as they plan and develop three different Sesame Street co-productions Sisimpur in Bangladesh , Rruga Sesam — Ulica Sezam in Kosovo , and Takalani Sesame in South Africa . It documents the struggles the creators have to get the shows on the air , as they deal with everything from natural disasters , war , and lack of funding , to political fighting between opposing parties . During the film , Joan Ganz Cooney reflects on how the civil unrest and cultural turmoil in The United States of America during the 1960s led her and her colleagues to do something to help poor children get ready for school . Clips from the Sesame Street Pitch Reel and Episode 0001 are shown . A few years after this , the German co-production of Sesamstrasse began , and the film returns to the three new co-productions being profiled in the film , as the latest Sesame shows that are trying to make a difference in the lives of children all over the world .
muppet	Muppet primates who have appeared in Muppet productions include
starwars	Titan Three ( Flight Baron )
muppet	The US Copyright Database has 3 episodes listed of `` Muppets , Babies , and Monsters '' . An episode had to actually air
poke	Just as May goes to have Bulbasaur finish the battle , Harley presses a button , so a conversation with him and Max is heard .
starwars	The estimated maximum speed was 829 km/h and had a maximum altitude of 85 meters .
starwars	Yarua was a Wookiee who , in the last years of the Galactic Republic , represented Kashyyyk in the Galactic Senate .
starwars	The body remained effectively comatose , while whatever lasting consciousness was tortured for all eternity .
poke	After dodging some attacks , Pikachu hits Taillow with Thunderbolt , but Taillow still goes to attack Pikachu , but misses .
muppet	A shortened opening seen starting in season 6 combined footage from all three openings , and certain episodes .
poke	While resting by a lake with his friends , Ash polishes his Badge Case and remembers all the Gym Battles he 's won so far .
poke	The man thinks they have a problem with that , but Team Rocket nervously denies that .
starwars	Ostrander actually made a cameo in the `` Daring New Adventures of Supergirl 1 '' , when the heroine , , meets her new neighbor .
muppet	The music was composed by Ken Field
muppet	So , in light of our discussion about how to handle the movie news between the two different scripts
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0942 , December 5 , 2009
starwars	Having developed in the forest canopy of their world , they were known to be at home in high places .
poke	Since they have no idea which one it is , Pikachu and Corphish go to attack Snorunt , but the illusions vanish and Corphish and Pikachu bump into each other , by mistake .
starwars	The Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire fought a battle on the planet Dathomir during the Great Galactic War .
starwars	With the establishment of Echo Base on the remote ice world of Hoth , vicious wampas would occasionally sneak into the base in the dead of night , forcing the closure of various passageways .
muppet	Hey Ken -- take a look at Cassette # 7 in http//cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll ? ViewItem
poke	May knows well to impress the judge , one part is to show off a Pokémon 's look .
starwars	Adding anti-theft devices to speeders could lead to insurers giving discounts on theft insurance .
muppet	If it is , then I could see this being a bit of a problem . What if nobody checks their message wall , or even the recent changes , and they get a message without the banner ? What if a user made problematic edits and was left a message by an admin to respond on the users own wall , but due to the lack of a banner , the user was never aware to even realize what they were doing was wrong ?
muppet	Question for you . On Halloween , I pulled out the seperate articles of costumes for Sesame Street , The Muppet Show , and Muppet Babies , and plugged the categories in instead . Mainly so the costumes can be found in more centralized locations under Halloween . Now Im wondering if it was a dumb move . What are your thoughts/opinions ? --
muppet	On the video front , he appeared in the direct-to-video productions Sing , Hoot
poke	James sends Cacnea , who hugs the former and uses Pin Missile , but the Clamperl 's shells close with Iron Defense , negating the attack .
poke	Winona is amazed by how much Ash got to this moment , but thinks this battle should end , as she orders the shiny Swellow to use Hyper Beam .
starwars	Kizan
starwars	The Gentik/Harris AVX-1 Holographic Storage System was part of the espionage package that the Alliance to Restore the Republic placed into modified MSE-6-series repair droids that allowed them to function as effective spies .
muppet	One of his more visible roles , unbilled but speaking , was in 1969s Battle of Britain as an RAF sergeant in the opening scenes . Fellow extra Harry Fielder reminisced about the shoot , and Thomason , in his memoirs
poke	He spots some berries and gives them to Ralts to eat , but the latter does not want to .
muppet	My only other issue is just the hiding of past conversations from users -- some of those conversations have good information , or open questions . Much as I agree it would be good to move over to the forum in a clean way , I hate to hide them away .
poke	The heroes are surprised and move away , as the Donphan roll away and blast Team Rocket off .
poke	As Ash and Pikachu are exhausted from the battles , May and Max are carried near Ash to teach him a lesson he 'll never forget : he 's not allowed to battle the Petalburg gym leader Norman .
starwars	Vee-Six was Doune 's personal droid .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1606 , April 15 , 2010
poke	Meowth and James remind them that Jessie 's also left to search for them , thinking how she is tough enough to defeat this creature .
starwars	However , Jos was aware of Di'hal'uma 's investigation , so she arranged for the Blood Raptors to kidnap the Twi'lek from the Dancing Flame Tavern , on Cularin .
muppet	The apes hands were operated by John Kennedy .
starwars	Looking forward to battling Jedi once again , Durge revealed himself to his enemies as he clubbed down Kenobi with his magna bolas .
poke	The old man is told about the problem , but can not help Ash , Brock and Max , as the Grass Pokémon will be angry , since the area is forbidden to humans .
starwars	Syn told him she was covering them on the guns , but she was mad at him and it probably was n't a good idea to stop by .
muppet	Yeah , I think that goes without saying . Film inserts , specials , movies , etc were known for shooting on location . Segments with Muppets on location was more unusual , and the thing worth tracking here .
muppet	The song `` Be Positive '' was featured in the `` Oops ! '' segment of Episode 101 Oops ! / Dont Tell Episode 101 of The Secret Life of Toys .
poke	Ash advises to go to Pokémon Center , but before they do , Max places a handkerchief as a headband upon Shroomish 's head , making it happy .
starwars	Borvo agreed to help the resistance and asked the officers to escort him to his base in the mountains .
muppet	Current licensors include Nakajima USA , Build-A-Bear Workshop , Wooly Willy , and Children ’ s Apparel Network . For Sesamstaat , Rubotoys has been a licensor since February 2005 . In recent years , adults have been encouraged to remember their childhood through retro-targeted products , like action figures from Palisades Toys , though only one , a special con edition of Super Grover , was released .
muppet	I wasnt around when you posted it , so I forgot to tell you how absolutely floored I am by the brilliance of the Gorilla suits article . I just cant say enough good things about it . Its smart , its funny , its painstakingly comprehensive . `` The art of gorilla impersonation '' is a wonderful phrase . The photos are incredible . The `` connections '' section is hilarious . Its a classic Andrew article . You amaze me . --
poke	The Grass Pokémon attack , but a Venusaur yells out , canceling their attacks and approaches them .
poke	While Ash and Max visit the exhibition , the members of Team Magma try to infiltrate the museum to steal Captain Stern 's stone he recently acquired .
poke	As the heroes flee away , Team Rocket , who has been hiding , saw this Secret Base .
poke	Liza and Tate think the Gym Leader would like to see the launch first , for she and Tate are the Gym Leaders of Mossdeep City .
poke	The bandaged Donphan comes to the shiny one , while Ash and May reunite with Brock and Max .
starwars	House Praji was first featured in the `` Star Wars '' canon with the release of Fantasy Flight Games ' 2018 sourcebook `` Knights of Fate '' .
starwars	Wila Prammi was elected first Governor .
starwars	In `` '' all four Imperial classes receive a 2V-R8 droid as their companion when they acquire their ship .
starwars	Officers tended to be highly Humanocentric and fully supportive of the New Order 's anti-alien policies .
starwars	Although the Tarasins initially lived in nomadic tribes , at some point in their past they decided to create a different society .
starwars	As Hai had the payment for the box brought out , Schurk-Heren asked to see inside , and so Hai was forced to reveal his hidden troops and his betrayal .
poke	Ash , Brock and Max are pleased Timmy has the support of his mother , while Tommy wants Timmy to give his all .
starwars	Galov sector/Legends
starwars	The alien bounty hunter enters the ship 's cockpit and removes his mask .
muppet	His concert set sometimes includes a performance of `` Rubber Duckie Rubber Duckie '' with the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra ,
starwars	Jiro set up a docking tunnel between his `` Corona '' -class frigate and the seemingly damaged transport , and boarded the ship with two other men .
muppet	In 2014 , Vallejo revealed the nature of Don Pimpón in interviews to the Spanish press A representation of Vallejo himself . Following his words , in the 1980s , Vallejo was made to pose for front , side and other reference photographs ; then , the Jim Henson Workshop was asked to make a puppet representing that person .
muppet	It briefly held North American home video rights to Sesame Workshop properties acquired from Genius Entertainment in 2009 .
poke	Nicole apologizes to the heroes for Natalie 's behavior and introduces herself to the heroes .
starwars	During the game , though , a rogue labor droid attacked the casino , intent on causing widespread carnage .
poke	Mr. Big admits he has been working on fireworks , which explode and show a shape of a Pokémon .
poke	Being there , Brock made a herbal soup for Nicholai to give to Zangoose , to let it rest .
starwars	The gnarled rancor was a species of rancor that could be found on Dathomir .
muppet	Other design credits include Konjoined kitty a series of designer plush dolls sold in `` urban vinyl '' stores , and a series of puppet taxidermy heads https//www.etsy.com/shop/PuppetTaxidermist H.I.D.E . available on Etsy.com .
starwars	He regarded Akiva as his home and took pride in his work as a junk-dealing businessman .
muppet	Because he or she should be given their due .
starwars	Vibrowire could damage those who came into contact with it .
starwars	Thus , Skywalker decided to attack the ion cannon .
muppet	During the summer of 1964 , after the first season of The Jimmy Dean Show , Rowlf appeared with Dean in his month-long Las Vegas night club act at The Flamingo Hotel . To promote the appearance , Dean and Rowlf also did a special bit in an earlier show in Texas .
muppet	Marxs father was a pediatric dentist . He had someone dressed up in a Big Bird costume playing with the kids in his waiting room .
poke	Grovyle uses Bullet Seed , but Treecko dodges using Quick Attack and hits Grovyle .
muppet	Hi . You dont have to actually use the contribs template for userpages on this wiki anymore since we have a bot doing it . I thought you were asking about another wiki . Scott
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Andrew , Aleal 0057 , 6 March 2006
muppet	Does anyone know what other Cold Open starts with Scooter outside the Guest Stars Dressing Room ? --
muppet	Hi -- Please dont make an article page about yourself . All the pages on the wiki should be directly about the Muppets , not about fans . --
poke	Brock thinks it must 've been frustrating not to watch any of the battles , but Max and May understood their father , who had time to play with them after the battle .
starwars	The Kerdos Company recycling plant was a Kerdos Company facility on Coruscant which turned toxic chemicals into non-toxic vapors and other gases .
starwars	Tee Watt Kaa was extremely devoted to the traditions of his people and a strict pacifist .
starwars	Thus , he let loose a scream in which he dislodged a brace from an exercise bar in a training room .
muppet	I should see the text when I type in tab source ? Greetings Paul 2218 , December 28 , 2009
poke	Jessie wonders where is the robot they should have built , but Meowth replies they paid for cheerleading .
muppet	While Gobo Gobo is in Outer Space looking for Uncle Traveling Matts postcard , Doc decides to board up the hole in the wall leading to Fraggle Rock Fraggle Rock . While Gobo dodges Doc and Sprocket , his friends launch a rescue mission . Mokey Mokey and Boober Boober work on breaking the boards , while Red Red and Wembley Wembley try to rescue him by following Marjory the Trash Heaps advice `` Dont cry over spilt milk . ''
poke	Regardless , Sullivan promises to hunt after Nero , making the heroes see that is why Sullivan is a legend .
poke	Surprisingly to Tommy , Mrs. Grimm claims Timmy is not the Phantom and leaves to her office .
muppet	Beginning in the 1980s , when episodes from Season One were played in syndication and on home video , the original opening was replaced with the Season Two opening , except for Episode 103 Joel episodes 103 , Episode 106 Jim 106 , Episode 114 Sandy 114 and TNT airings of Episode 121 121 , which were paired with the Season Five opening . The original openings were restored on The Muppet Show Season One DVD set .
muppet	Hi , Paul , its good to see you here ! Check out the
starwars	The four of them made a life for themselves on a farm they called their own , located in the wetland region of Saleucami , where they grew crops and raised a herd of eopies .
poke	Numel use Flamethrower on the machine , so Team Rocket uses the water spray again , calming Numel down .
poke	Abby , who manages to cure Skitty , is recognized by May as the Top Coordinator .
poke	May remembers the day she started her journey , by being startled by a Duskull and even got attacked by Professor Birch 's Mudkip .
starwars	At that point , the Kupohan gave a small twitch of both the primary and basal ears , which Skywalker interpreted as an outward sign of an unusual order .
muppet	Cooney and David D. Connell were the first exec . producers , with Stone , Samuel Y. Gibbon , Jr. , and Matt Robinson , but the last one obvious wasnt around during the real creation period . Dr. Edward L. Palmer was Director of Research . -- Zanimum 2010 , 13 February 2008
muppet	A follow-up to the first issue titled `` Friendship '' was originally scheduled for release on February 26 , 2014 , but ultimately was not released . A new installment of the Sesame Street comic series titled `` Another Sunny Day '' was released on October 28 , 2015 . The final cover , depicting Ernie and Bert rowing on a lake , was one of five planned variant covers illustrated by Jay P. Fosgitt .
poke	Hearing Professor Oak will come to the lab as well , Ash and Brock decide to accompany Birch to escort Oak to the lab .
muppet	Florian Halm .
starwars	The region had been explored by outsiders some point between 15,000 and 8000 BBY , and it eventually became part of the Hunnoverrs sector of the Outer Rim Territories .
muppet	Prior to this , Rocca spent several years as a writer for various childrens television series , including The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss . Joining the writing staff for the second season , Rocca served as story editor and penned various episodes , such as `` Episode 214 The Cat In The Hats Art The Cat in the Hats Art House '' , and wrote lyrics for songs like `` Brahms Lubbaby '' . His other kids TV writing includes the PBS series Wishbone and The Walt Disney Disneys Pepper Ann .
poke	Suddenly , they are redirected by Jessie ( disguised ) , as James ( who is also disguised ) is making construction work .
poke	Bagon strikes the rock again , with Michelle calculating the moves and catches it in her hands .
muppet	Also -- Campbells grandson sounds a bit too convinced of his familys importance in Hensons artistic career , given that all his grandfather did was ask a high school kid to make some puppets for his TV show . I think Campbells real impact on Hensons life was to teach him to read a contract more carefully before he signs it .
starwars	A droid must be at upgrade class 3 to be able to equip this item .
starwars	But over time the Exchange and smugglers irrigated themselves into the Station 's affairs with the local Exchange crime lord Loppak Slusk overseeing most illegal ventures on the Station .
muppet	Yay for forums breaking through ! I cant wait for the final phase so I can turn it on at Superman , Wonder Woman and Bionic .
poke	Tabitha intimidates the researcher , claiming the rock the researcher is holding has a great importance than what the researcher needs for .
muppet	However , it seems fair to include Muppet performers when they also play new characters for the game , or voice match someone elses role . Don Reardon would count for playing Guy Smiley in that one game , and Dave Goelz had at least two new character roles in Muppet Monster Adventure . Im going to go ahead and add the category to those folks we already have here , but does this make sense ? I figured since we dont count every occasion where Kevin Clash did Elmo for a book and tape or record , it would make sense to do the same here , but it might not hurt to make it clearer when a Muppeteer voiced a game only character , since some of our coverage there is scattered . --
muppet	Back in 2001 , on the old Muppet Central message board , somebody who was once an intern for Henson revealed that the Thog puppet no longer exists , and mentions that the character rotted in a closet before being thrown away . He
muppet	Winky is a `` happy little beaver '' , who is the innocent victim in `` Swift Wits '' segment of Muppets Tonight Episode 105 Cindy episode 105 . Buster and Colfax Bergman , the only multiple contestants on `` Swift Wits , '' attempt to save Winky from being eaten by Big Mean Carl , the Big Mean Bunny . For every correct answer , Winky would get a log for his dam . Unfortunately , the brothers over-enthusiasm costs Winky his life .
poke	Magneton uses Zap Cannon , so Pikachu counterattacks with Thunder , defeating Magneton and amazing the audience .
poke	May remembers she was startled by the Wurmple , but it grew on her and , with Torchic 's help , May caught the Wurmple .
poke	During the trip , they notice some watermelons float down by the river and have some lunch .
starwars	Quillan had lived in the Loft for much of his life and had never engaged in physical exercise or labor .
starwars	Revan appears in the 2011 video game `` '' , also by BioWare and LucasArts , where he was voiced by Jeff Bennett .
muppet	Do we want to do the full top ten lists everytime a Muppet is mentioned , or can we just do the theme , and the number of the muppet mention . There are some cute ones , but I feel the full lists
muppet	Manzella has since contributed to many effects-heavy films and TV series , including Harry Harry Potter
starwars	Hera reassures Kanan that not all of the clones were bad , and stressed that they saved millions of lives , including hers .
starwars	The shuttle crash-lands on a polar plateau after being shot down by three HK-50 assassin droids .
starwars	Ootmian Pabol/Legends
poke	Seedot do not look very happy , due to lack of water , so Max gives them some , but they refuse .
muppet	Hey , just so you know , User Dude , who hasnt done much so far , was reckless enough to admit that hes previously banned User2009Crbeverlin , in his profile . So far hes just uploaded one needless image
starwars	Following the Battle of Corellia , Zov was among the Republic forces that remained on the planet Corellia to secure the Black Hole refinery region , and was stationed at Sentinel Outpost .
starwars	Riot clone trooper
poke	Numel runs away to eat more berries , so Furret stops Numel , who goes back to Julie .
muppet	Do we have any confirmation that when Dory calls Nemo Elmo that the filmmakers were referencing the Sesame Street character ? I always thought that they just picked a soundalike name . --
starwars	Han seals the tube and detaches it , leaving them and the tower of Stars ' End behind .
muppet	Moss wrote several childrens books with illustrator Chris Demarest . The Butterfly Jar , a collection of poems , includes three of Moss Sesame Street songs `` I Dont Want to Live on the Moon '' , `` Lonesome Joan '' , and `` Nasty Dan '' . The poem `` Not the Best Feeling '' is a reworked version of `` Mad Mad '' . His other book of poems , Bone Poems , inspired by dinosaurs and early mammals on display at the American Museum of Natural History , includes illustrations by Sesame illustrator Tom Leigh .
poke	May knows it did n't do what she asked , but Ash doubts that , since it looks cute and loyal .
starwars	Dragon 's Spine was a large chain of snow-capped mountains on the forest moon of Endor at the edge of the Dragon 's Pelt .
muppet	Have you seen what Danny did with Episode 606 Comic Capers ? I figured you could have some fun with it ! --
poke	Max is skeptical since his father is powerful and has been training a lot after his battle against Ash .
starwars	But after a long and difficult duel , Maul 's Zabrak abilities prevailed and he defeated Vizsla .
poke	However , Brock and Ash point out Torchic is May 's first Pokémon and will always be special .
starwars	Jana T'bayr was the sole scientist to remain in the lab .
poke	Royce and Claire have found the Spinda , so Ash and Max jump to grab it , but Spinda runs off and evades them .
starwars	Drophan attempted to lunge at Druur with his lanvarok weapon , but the Jedi severed Drophan 's arm and then cut off the Massassi 's head .
muppet	Actually , the above is just what it looks like when I log in . When Im not logged in , it has the same problem but also a second 728x90 banner ad directly underneath the first that covers up most of the main Article Bar . See below
poke	James gets the heart-marked Spinda , but it uses Dizzy Punch on Team Rocket , confusing them .
muppet	`` there has been There have been a total of 232,960 page views , and 151,793 page edits . '' -- - thats not right -- - but Im not sure how exactly to fix it to get it to be right .
starwars	`` Rescue 1 '' captured the personnel and fled into hyperspace .
muppet	One common and very annoying problem on Wikia is that replaced images simply refuse to update from time to time . I just followed http//community.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog/Make_yourself_a_Wikia-MacGyver_Adding_custom_scripts Community Centrals Grunnys instructions to add a Purge/Refresh button to my green `` Edit '' button at the top of every page and , given the option proves useful , I would like to propose to make it a wiki-wide feature . Once we write the JavaScript code into our Common.js , we all enjoy the option . What does everybody think ? —
muppet	Judging by his looks , Id assume he is Officer Fuzzy . -- http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/User TenCents 2111 , November 8 , 2009
starwars	When Skywalker accepted a plea bargain of ten-year exile and retirement from the Jedi Order , commutable or pardonable if he could find the cause of Darth Caedus 's fall and show how to prevent future recurrences , Fel was among many well-wishers who saw him off from Coruscant .
muppet	Sesame Street A Celebration - 40 Years of Life on the 40 Years of Life on the Street published a photo of the segment taken during taping with a blue screen meant to be replaced with a space background during post production . Another photo discovered on social media in June 2018
poke	May is amazed Vigoroth defeated Torkoal with one attack , while Brock determines Norman used a slow Slakoth then fast Vigoroth to confuse Ash , to test his opponent 's limits .
starwars	Showcasing key characters from , this exciting collection expands the story from the international film blockbuster , exposing key events from the epic tale not shown on screen .
starwars	It is hosted by modelmaker Lorne Peterson , who also wrote the liner notes .
poke	May takes her clothes off , showing that she has her swimsuit on already , while Brock admires the surfing ladies .
starwars	It reconfigured the nuclear structure of matter to create items by turning common elements such as silicon , carbon , and hydrogen into rarer and more valuable elements , isotopes , or chemicals .
poke	The Taillow fly to attack the heroes , but a man comes and sends Forretress , who uses Explosion .
muppet	Jim Henson The Works is a hard-cover coffee-table style examination of Jim Henson , focusing primarily on his career as a puppeteer and filmmaker , with occasional examinations of his personal life . Author Christopher Finchs previous book , Of Muppets and Men Of Muppets and Men , focused on the making of The Muppet Show , only briefly touching on the history of the Muppets as a whole . The Works is a comprehensive follow-up volume , starting with Jim Jim Hensons childhood and going all the way up through the most recent productions of the Henson Company after Jims passing -- including the most recent production at the time , The Muppet Christmas Carol .
starwars	Shipping and Receiving Docks
muppet	Simple Science Experiments with Elmo and Friends Water and Earth is a 2012 Sesame Street activity book . Elmo , Super Grover 2.0 , Big Bird , Abby Cadabby and Louie try out simple tabletop science experiments , including a home-made volcano .
poke	Loudred starts running about and yells at everyone , so Brock 's Forretress uses Rapid Spin to make an opening in a wall for everyone to escape .
poke	Brock explains the Evolution ; some Pokémon need experience , while others , like Pikachu , need stones , like Thunder Stone for Pikachu to become Raichu .
muppet	My vote would be to use SSguide-ctw , SSguide-missing and Incomplete-N , with all three in the pinkish color . --
poke	Team Rocket says it is not over yet , as Meowth goes to attack Armaldo with Fury Swipes , though his claws are broken by Armaldo 's Rock Blast .
poke	Forretress uses Rapid Spin , but fails to deflect the attack , as the move was more improved and gets defeated .
muppet	From http//www.nytimes.com/1993/08/19/garden/on-the-set-with-zoe-this-monster-is-a-girl.html The New York Times
poke	Pikachu charges with Quick Attack , pushing Snorunt and uses Thunder , knocking it down .
starwars	Doctor Aphra : An Audiobook Original is a canon audio drama written by Sarah Kuhn and performed by a full cast .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 1227 , October 17 , 2009
muppet	There is suggestion that there might be a Muppet event in fall 2011 , organized for D23 members .
starwars	Valkorion summoned Vaylin 's enslaved spirit , whom the Commander battled and prevailed , and then used the holocron to free Vaylin from her father 's mind control .
poke	Due to this , Team Rocket blasts off , but they have Pikachu in their possession .
starwars	Several briefings were held before a final discussion was held 72 hours before the planned assault , at which Sovv ; Brand ; Bel Iblis ; Antilles ; Farlander ; Pellaeon and other military figures were present .
muppet	Im sorry I forgot to log in . Must I now create a new user ID ? Emma 2227 , 20 March 2007
poke	Suddenly , Ash hears there is a Gym Leader in Petalburg City , but May pulls him , as she is starving .
muppet	The Two-Headed Woman wished Jean Stapleton good luck in the cold opening of Episode 306 Jean Episode 306 of The Muppet Show .
poke	Meowth shows on camera they have nothing to worry about , but in truth , a picture of Professor Oak is displayed , fooling them .
muppet	Shane Rimmer for which the Creature Shop supplied additional digital effects .
starwars	Rostu Squad was a squad of clone troopers which served in the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars against the Confederacy of Independent Systems .
starwars	Barra
starwars	Later , the High Lord Korsin Bentado led a large invasion force of airships known as the Ebon Fleet to invade Alanciar .
poke	Meowth thinks both the pearl and Spoink should be given to the boss , who would wear Spoink as a crown .
starwars	Leland Chee indicated that during the Legends Expanded Universe , the humans lived longer largely because they did n't have to take into account the actors getting older , although by the time of the Canon Expanded Universe , he stated that humans lived the same average lifespan as humans in the real world , which is estimated to be 71 years of age .
muppet	Im beginning to doubt that Kathy Mullen performed Cookie Monsters grandma in the `` Sesame Street News Flash '' clips . That segment was included in Silly Storytime , and Kathy Mullen was not credited . Video releases tend to credit just about every Muppet performer , even ones who went uncredited on the show . I noticed that Cheryl Blaylock was credited as a performer , and feel the voice was a bit closer to her voice
starwars	He orders his warriors to kill Kenobi , who escapes with Satine down the turbolift shaft .
muppet	Gund produced a `` collectors set '' of beanbag plush in 2019 for Sesame Streets Sesame Street 50th 50th anniversary .
poke	Flannery explains she has only been a Gym Leader for three days , taking over for her grandfather , Mr. Moore .
poke	Curious but too dizzy to walk he crawls forward and peeks in , and inside he sees two children battling .
starwars	While the Republic conducted their gas exploration , they did not allow any fighting to occur .
poke	Ash is glad about the apple 's flavor and returns it back to Snorunt to eat as well .
poke	`` Norman 's family '' disappeared , which surprised the people , who were buying their merchandise .
muppet	The song is used as the backing score to a Sesame Street sketch where Cookie Monster Cookie Monster Sketches creates a cookie painting .
muppet	PART 1 The Swinetrek is running out of power because Link has plugged all of his toys into the mains , they will need to get to the nearest planet to refuel .
poke	At the beach shop , two people ask for service , but Team Rocket appears , reciting their motto .
muppet	Hey , thanks for adding the Elmo pic to my page . Whered you get it Austinmuppet 0158 , 20 January 2007 User
muppet	I put up a photo of Miss Piggy as the maid eaten by Gorgon Heap here because it was the only photo of her I knew of from the sketch.Id rather have up a picture of her face as the maid here.Can someone tell me the filename for such a picture so I can put it Fred
starwars	Meanwhile , Vorn not only confirmed that Leia had been held captive by Ashgad only to escape , but also that Dyzm , a vastly mutated and sentient droch was the bearer of the Death Seed plague .
poke	Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt , but is reminded if Pikachu blasts Team Rocket off , Swablu would be hurt as well .
starwars	It was so powerful that contact with the skin was enough to cause a massive systemic overload that could shut down the body .
starwars	TC-3 was a TC-series protocol droid belonging to Senator Yeb Yeb Adem'thorn .
muppet	It was recently added under references that `` Conversations with Bert follows the same format as Inside the Actors Studio . '' Im not sure I totally agree that Conversations with Bert is a reference to Inside the Actors Studio . Theres nothing particularly Actors Studio about it . The set and format seems be that of any generic interview show -- more like Charlie Rose than Inside the Actors Studio
muppet	2 . Despite the prominent Os in the restaurant , this sketch was not meant to teach a letter of the alphabet . Instead , it taught the difference between `` fast '' and `` slow '' ; Grover warns Charlie that he needs to catch his order quickly because OBriens serves fast food .
poke	Togepi , however , emits an aura that protects the heroes from harm ; it used Safeguard .
starwars	Instead , he claimed that he would have done the same thing in Vader 's place .
muppet	Hi again , Skippy ! Take a look at Talk La Cometa Blanca ; we could use your input and some clarification
starwars	This clone trooper captain wore phase I clone trooper armor with red markings to signify his rank .
starwars	It was moonless and barren .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2053 , March 21 , 2011
muppet	Stoller co-wrote the script for The Muppets The Muppets , the 2011 Muppet movie , with Jason Segel . In March 2012 , he signed to write Muppets Most the sequel .
muppet	I say the picture was taken during the filming of `` Rainbow Connection '' sequence . I once saw this picture in the newspaper about Jim Hensons Fantastic Show and cut it out . I still have though . After all , the musuem shares rare photographs . -- User 1908 , June 10 , 2008
poke	The heroes are startled , making May believe that Zigzagoon has just disguised itself as a human , but Max corrects her , since it is a boy that disguised himself as a Zigzagoon .
poke	Winona apologizes for not having battle with Ash , but proposes to battle him tomorrow , so he accepts .
poke	One of the women asks her what Pokémon should she use , but May does not know yet .
starwars	They were served at Chewbacca 's wedding to Mallatobuck , as well as his funeral .
poke	Rocky is disappointed , since he expected more of a challenge from a trainer outside the island .
poke	Cozmo gives the heroes directions to Lavaridge Town and wishes good luck to Ash in his Gym battle , then bids them farewell .
starwars	Rescue 3 was one of three Rescue Boats chosen to raid Trade Federation prison camps on the Solleu River .
starwars	Jaesa found Cendence , but after realizing that he killed any Sith he pleased , she killed him .
starwars	This pattern remained consistent until around 3678 BBY , when the Emperor 's apprentice , Exal Kressh , discovered her Master 's plan to create a legion of sleeper agents , all of whom would be made slaves to his dark side Force power and turned into mere extensions of his will .
poke	Ash apologizes for being harsh during the battle , but Jimmy claims he messed up with his judgement , not Ash .
starwars	After killing the creatures that had taken residence in the `` Gravestone '' , HK-55 took up a patrol routine while his masters gathered parts and supplies , eliminating skytrooper scouts that he encountered .
poke	Can our heroes manage to weather the storm , and why is Shauna so nervous around Brawly ?
poke	The heart-marked Spinda went to the Spinda group , so everyone tries to identify the one they are looking for .
poke	The woman points out the Phantom also was cut on the right arm and suspects Timmy is the Phantom .
muppet	Find out more than you ever wanted to know about me at my http//www.movietome.com/movietome/servlet/UserProfile/userid-15905 Movie Tome Profile . Or these days , youd probably do just as well at my http//www.tv.com/users/agent_0042/profile.php TV.com Profile .
poke	The heroes wonder about this meteorite , so Jessie scolds Meowth for giving away the info .
poke	A woman arrives to the heroes and asks them to battle some new students , to which Ash and Brock agree to .
poke	On a related note , a player with a seven-character name will be able to encounter a level 80 'M ( because the eighth and ninth bytes on the wild list would be 5000 , and 50 is hex for 80 . )
poke	When the night comes , the man still gives advice , that the Poké Block improves a Pokémon 's health .
poke	Torkoal fires Flamethrower , which Pikachu dodges and tries to use Iron Tail , but Torkoal uses Iron Defense , protecting itself .
poke	Max points out May could follow in Ash 's footsteps , but May admits she has thought of something .
starwars	In 7 ABY , Miktiss and his supporters formed the Des'maric Pirates and gifted Ginzet with the title of lieutenant and one of a trio of GAT-12 Skipray Blastboats called `` Des'maric One '' .
muppet	Is the legal copyrighted name of this song `` America '' or `` America the Beautiful '' ? —
poke	Ash decides to attack , but Roxanne stops them , letting the boys plan out to defeat Team Rocket .
poke	Drake believes if one removes such idle thoughts and concentrates , they can control the battle .
starwars	In spite of this , she found the Hidden Beks tolerable , and had on occasion sold droids to them .
starwars	Unduli went after Ventress , confident that she could defeat the assassin , leaving Tano alone again .
muppet	Could you Photoshop the Amazon cover image for http//www.amazon.com/Bears-Egg-Hunt-Lift-Flap/dp/0689862598/sr=8-1/qid=1164993076/ref=sr_1_1/002-5337635-5969621 ? ie=UTF8
starwars	During that celebration of Amidala 's well-received speech , Farr collapsed and died , the apparent victim of heart failure .
starwars	Tano then broke free and killed four of Vizsla 's men on the spot .
starwars	Both the novel and the film are set shortly before the events of , and were released in late 2016 .
starwars	After the station was captured , the Bakuran authorities sent a team to investigate , which did not report in or return .
starwars	The spaceport of the Keshiri city of Tahv was a makeshift docking area created haphazardly by members of the Lost Tribe of Sith under instructions from the Sith Meditation Sphere Ship .
poke	Ash 's friends arrive , hearing Brawly advising Ash could train some more on the island , by playing with nature .
muppet	Is this the way we like it ? Do we need to reassess any situations or definitions ? Or do we want Muppets to only be from the universes actually billed as `` Muppets ''
muppet	Disney Movies Anywhere is an online video streaming service launched in 2014 for Disneys library of movies , including exclusive content not available elsewhere . The service requires an account to view its content . The Muppet Movie , The Great Muppet Caper , The Muppet Christmas Carol , Muppet Treasure Island , The Muppets Wizard of Oz , A Muppets Christmas Letters to Santa , The Muppets The Muppets and Muppets Most Wanted are all available within the app .
starwars	During the early years of the New Republic , astrocartographers found records of Ast Kikories ' telescopes , and made the dangerous journey to the Moddell sector in order to use `` free '' telescope time .
starwars	Valkorion told the Commander that they had two destinies : in one , the Commander would defeat Arcann and claim the Eternal Throne to remake the galaxy ; in the other , the Commander died alone and forgotten .
poke	Michelle thinks Bagon wants to fly when it falls down to destroy the rocks , for it has a dream to fly through the sky , like Taillow .
muppet	Rambo is the central figure in a series of action films that include First Blood , Rambo First Blood Part II , Rambo III , and 2008s Rambo .
poke	How is Ash going to defeat Pelipper , and what are Anthony 's Bellsprout , Magby , and Magnemite doing in Pelipper 's mouth ?
starwars	During the mission to Malachor , Ezra encountered the former Sith apprentice , Maul , who taught him the basic philosophy of the Sith and encouraged Bridger to use his anger to strengthen him .
poke	Team Rocket is happy they finally caught something without the twerps messing things up .
muppet	I want to have a little design that we can use to separate blocks of text . On the quote pages , we need something to separate the quotes , but the full line that were using looks rotten . We could also use a separator on pages like Pigs in Space , where it would be nice to visually separate the blocks of text in that list .
poke	Swellow uses Aerial Ace , giving a strong push on Lunatone , while Solrock is damaged by Pikachu 's Iron Tail .
muppet	I figure I might as well wear this hat . IAmRoland410 2237 , 24 February 2006
starwars	Berooken was a male Mon Calamari politician who served as the Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic during the latter days of the Great Galactic War between the Republic and the reconstituted Sith Empire .
poke	Once Team Rocket steals Birch and Oak 's Pokémon , May , Max and Professor Oak decide to go after them and rescue the Pokémon on their own .
muppet	In December 2017 , Miss Piggy was chosen as jewelry retailer Swarovskis red carpet presenter at the Fashion Awards in London . A publicity photo for the event showed Piggy wearing a low-cut green dress , spoofing wikipedia Versace dress of Jennifer the Versace dress worn by singer and actress Jennifer Lopez at the 42nd Grammy Awards in 2000 .
muppet	Hi , Danny ! Could you please scan your Sight and Sound reissue of Getting Ready for School , and put it on its page ? Thanks ! --
muppet	The first issue of Muppet Snow White was initially scheduled for an April , 2010 release .
starwars	Hutar Zash
starwars	Bill Wray ( born 1958 ) is comic artist who inked a few issues of the `` Marvel Star Wars '' series .
starwars	Strike troop
muppet	Hey , no need to apologize about being away . The wiki is always here , and its always a voluntary thing . Everyones entitled to whatever break they feel they might need , whenever they want it . Oh , and good luck with school this year ! --
muppet	Please respond here , since communication is important . If you dont understand or disagree , please ask here . Otherwise , if you continue edit warring or the general edit pattern , you will be blocked .
starwars	The 2009 reference book `` The Essential Atlas '' placed the system in grid square L-7 .
poke	Ash is amazed he got his eight badge , while Juan 's butler , Sebastian , congratulates Ash 's victory and informs him the Hoenn League will be in 3 months in Ever Grande City .
muppet	What is dead link this 1993 VH1 clip from ? --
starwars	Hold-out stunner
starwars	Vader is struck down by lightning .
starwars	Impossible Sector
starwars	The Horansi could cross-breed between subspecies , but this was rarely done due to cultural differences .
muppet	Alan Arkin is an actor in film , television , and stage . From 1970 to 1971 , he performed in recurring Larry and Phyllis sketches on Sesame Street in Season 2 season 2 , with wife Barbara Dana as Phyllis . In 1979 , he was the featured guest star on The Muppet Show Episode 420 Alan episode 420 , and returned to appear as the Muppet Studios tour guide in The Muppets The Muppets in 2011 .
starwars	Metalorn , a factory planet , has been completely controlled by the Galactic Empire under the direction of Governor Corwyth with no information of the Rebellion reaching its citizens .
starwars	Amazon Digital released an electronic edition on October 7 , 2014 , and Egmont issued a U.K. edition on June 4 , 2015 .
poke	Team Rocket changed their plan , plugging Exploud 's holes , but this time the corks will follow Exploud .
poke	How will Jessie get her `` Silcoon '' to evolve and how will she take it if it does n't evolve into what she wanted ?
starwars	The Sith Lord launched from his speeder and stood between every single enforcer within the fortress , atop a four-way platform .
muppet	Kermit also appeared in the Studio DC Almost Live specials that aired on Disney Channel .
muppet	Just for the record I know the song actually didnt air on MTV , but it had a parody of the channel , as you can view http//www.sesamestreet.org/video_player ? p_p_lifecycle=0
starwars	`` We 're the friendly Ewoks , having adventures ''
muppet	The width you just changed on Muppets from Space deleted scenes makes it look about 10 pixels too short of matching the other thumbnails for me in Firefox . How does it look to you ?
poke	Fearow goes to attack Meowth with Drill Peck , but Arbok headbutts it , knocking the Fearow onto the cage and electrocuting it .
muppet	I noticed that this pages title is spelled as `` Something '' . My records and sheet music , however , show it as `` Somethin '' . Wendy mentioned that `` Something '' is the legal ASCAP title , but I know from other conversations that Ive read on here that sometimes ASCAP and BMI listings have been known to be wrong . So Id like to move this back to `` Somethin '' because Ive never seen a piece of written or recorded music show it as `` Something '' . --
starwars	With the Sith 's mission complete , Special Advisor Tazith congratulated the Imperial spacer and stated that through them the myth of the Bane Brigade would live on .
muppet	Kermit `` Ya know , I just love all your wild characters , Peter . But backstage here , you can just relax and be yourself . ''
poke	In that moment , Jessie 's Cascoon is evolving , pleasing Jessie she 'll have a Beautifly .
starwars	The Free Ryloth rebels were caught by stormtroopers on both sides and many were killed .
poke	With everything being done , the heroes wave goodbye and head off to Rustboro City .
starwars	Later , Luke would continue to use his previous , more well-known X-wing .
starwars	Upon being notified that the Death Star plans were n't on the main computer , Vader asked Antilles what they had done with the plans while strangling him .
muppet	`` A Lot Like You '' is a song from the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 311 Bears Secret Bears Secret Cave '' . Bear performs this to show his friends at the The Big Blue Big Blue House that although he is big now , he too was a kid once just like them and grew up in many of the same ways .
muppet	In television , Duncan has guest starred on The New Avengers , Spooks , and Hercule Poirot , and was a regular on the HBO series Rome as Julius Julius Caesars lover Servilia . She also appeared in such mini-series as Reilly , Ace of Spies and Traffik . Her film credits include the voice of the droid TC-14 in Star Star Wars Episode 1 The Phantom Menace and dual roles in the 1996 version of A Midsummer Nights Dream .
poke	Julie knows the heroes are going through the Fiery Path to Lavaridge Town , since travelers usually encounter Slugma , then end up near Julie 's house .
poke	Max asks them from what were they running from , so they remember the Breloom , who have arrived .
muppet	As the pictures on this page demonstrate , the Swedish Chef has hardly changed at all . --
starwars	Nemet was a Human male who served in the Line Branch of the Imperial Navy , attaining the rank of commander by 3 ABY .
poke	With both teams distracted , the researcher escapes , so both teams deploy their troops to go after the researcher .
poke	Just then , the water shortage was started , causing the villagers to believe that the Solrock was the reason of the water shortage .
starwars	He had trusted this `` friend , '' and the leak in security of the supply line was Senesca 's fault .
poke	The woman , Rachael , which the heroes saw before , tells the astronaut all systems are fine .
poke	Mr. Big also points out a Pokémon should also eat special food to look better in the Contests .
starwars	The HK8 Sawtooth was first mentioned in the 2018 reference book `` '' , which was written by Daniel Wallace and included an illustration of the weapon by Javier Charro Martinez .
starwars	They set up a base in the mountains located to the east from Iziz .
muppet	Innovator , performer , gentle genius Jim Henson will never be forgotten by the people who worked with him , or the audience whose lives he touched .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1545 , November 30 , 2009
poke	4Kids Entertainment informed the licensors on March 27 , 2011 , that their termination letter was `` wrongful and devoid of any factual and legal basis , '' and that they had not given 4Kids 10 days notice as required .
poke	Harley notes how May passed the first round and wonders if her skills will take her higher up .
starwars	Tess Alder was a Human female from the planet of Corellia .
starwars	Game description
starwars	The 121st Regiment utilized HAVw A6 Juggernauts , AT-TE walkers and AT-AP walkers , with green markings painted on their armor panels to designate their regiment affiliation .
starwars	After Echo and Fives received medals for their bravery , Rex accepted them into the 501st Legion .
muppet	Pa also has Fraggle-catching skills . In the episode `` Episode 213 Reds Reds Club '' , after using Red Red as a lure to retrieve Mas handkerchief from the well , he easily catches the remaining Fraggles with a cage and remarks that one Fraggle is one thing , five is another .
poke	They hear a girl complaining about the prices of berries to a merchant and yells out how one must not buy anything from his person or they 'll get ripped off .
starwars	One other gatekeeper was the then thousand years old Ood Bnar , who recorded his prophecies in the Holocron .
muppet	Hi there . My name is Angela and I am the Reader Engagement Editor at the Orange County Register . I absolutely love this site and I have always been a huge fan of the Muppets . I am always looking for ways to grow our online community and I was wondering if I could pick your brain and here about some of your Wiki successes , including this site . What are the top 5 things that have worked for you in growing a wiki community ? Thank you for your time and I look forward to hearing back from you . Feel free to leave me a message on my page or contact me at apotter @ ocregister.com . Thanks ! --
starwars	The Liberator , serving temporarily as Phoenix Home , was a CR90 corvette in the service of the Phoenix Cell several years prior to the Battle of Yavin .
poke	Skitty uses Double Slap , hitting Team Rocket while Combusken 's Fire Spin burns them .
poke	As May is watching the Bellossom dancing , Team Rocket runs away from Beedrill , and so does May .
poke	Exploud , however , blows the corks and releases itself , blasting Team Rocket immediately .
poke	Jigglypuff appears once more and sings , causing everyone to be asleep but Whismur .
poke	Misty wonders what they could do , but Sara points out they are already in too much danger .
muppet	In The Great Gonzos page on Puppet Wiki I added his `` You can call me Great '' quote on the top of the page . I was going to add it here too , but I noted the pages title is `` Gonzo '' , rather than `` The Great Gonzo '' , which is
starwars	This nurse tended to the critically wounded Lieutenant Ein Truminn .
muppet	First , the death related ones . Theres a list page , Characters who have died and a few where the character was created for or defined by their death are in that category directly . Wikipedia can and does , but here , it would just feel morbid .
poke	The judges decide that Beautifly can not battle anymore , so May is disqualified .
poke	Drew tells her to think on the future and to forget what she won recently , even if May does not know what that means .
muppet	Sure , heres the title . As for the last scene , do you mean street scene , or the sign-off at the end after Elmos World ?
starwars	Zelashiel 's teachings eventually were detailed in the Sith Holocron of the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Revan around the time of the Jedi Civil War .
poke	At the end of the day , Emily promises to make the hotel with Shuppet and invites the heroes to come in when it is finished .
muppet	Brooke Shields was the guest star on The Muppet Show Episode 506 Brooke episode 506 . She holds the record for being the youngest guest star on the show ; she was 14 years old at the time .
muppet	David Warner is a British actor who supplied the voice of the Spirit of the Tree in the third season Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 319 If I Were a If I Were a Tree . '' He appeared on-camera as Professor Jordan Perry in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the Ooze , which used Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop-supplied characters .
muppet	File Thought of the Week ft. Miss Piggy Miss Piggy
starwars	Evil Eyes is an Infinities comic in `` '' by Nao .
starwars	was a roleplaying game adventure included in , published by West End Games in 1987 .
starwars	The `` Intrepid '' also served as the command vessel for Task Force Copperleaf , the flag task force of the Fifth Fleet .
starwars	Nar-Somo-Dali 's messenger
muppet	The letter V appeared in Sesame Street Episode 3800 with Mr. Snuffy , Big Bird , and Elmo , and in episode 3857 , briefly partnering with the number 8 .
muppet	`` If I Were a Rich Man '' is sung by Garth Brooks in Episode 102 Garth episode 102 of Muppets Tonight . Brooks appeared on a roof set , as Tevye , accompanied by a chorus of chickens and Floyd Pepper as the Fiddler .
starwars	Littrium
muppet	side note what are we doing with
poke	Erica 's Jynx uses Blizzard and Psychic , controlling the snowstorm and dazzling the audience .
muppet	I wasnt able to edit anything for like , an hour or so on any wiki , so maybe they turned it off ?
poke	Traveling on the road , the heroes encounter Nicholai , who had caught a Zangoose .
starwars	If it manages to escape , the ship is then engaged by a Naboo starfighter patrol .
starwars	After this incident , the Emperor suspected that things were amiss , although he did not know exactly what , and IG-88A remained safe from discovery .
starwars	Posing as a prospector , he would attempt to lure Rebels and free-traders to Gacerian by telling stories of the planet 's wealth in gemstones .
poke	The woman that bought the ribbon returns for the money , showing Azurill 's ribbon is too big for it .
muppet	Hey , I thought you were using Croebot for the cleanup tasks . --
poke	Vigoroth would hug the boss , and would spend time with Slakoth and Slaking and Team Rocket would be awarded .
muppet	Plus images of Character images with a blank background are numerous and , beyond one or two at most , tend to look really boring . We parked them there just for the curious rather than delete when we got rid of a lot of gallery dumping , but some users keep adding new ones specifically to that page and misunderstand the point . Its even in Muppet Wiki and Guidelines
muppet	Hi ! I was just curious what taking out `` Noeditsection '' does . Thanks ! --
muppet	Hiya ! This is a weird question , but you may know In http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_II_The_Secret_of_the_Ooze
poke	Team Rocket attempts to steal the ranch 's Numel and ends up capturing May and Skitty .
starwars	Their older sister and fellow Sith warlord then Arkadia Calimondra annexed the Dyarchy to her own domain .
poke	May decides to throw balls to Skitty , to train her Double Slap by juggling the balls with her tail .
starwars	A Sharptooth Collector was a modified snow skiff with a crane attached used for gathering fish .
starwars	Deak was a male non-Jedi pilot in the resurrected Kyp 's Dozen squadron .
starwars	Orielle and her mother Candra were seated at the opposite luxury compartment due to the latter 's important position within the Circle of Lords .
poke	However , Max spots the Trapinch with the transmitter is gone ; May spots it going into the hole .
poke	Togepi comes into the outer world , so Ninjask uses Shadow Ball on Togepi , who falls down , shocking the heroes .
starwars	Us Magazine Collector 's Edition : Star Wars Rogue One is a collector 's edition issue of `` US Magazine '' .
muppet	Love Potion No . 9 is featured in the first season Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 113 We Love You , We Love You , Wembley '' .
muppet	Something Ive been thinking about for a long time is the frequent use of first names in articles on the Wiki , and glancing at the Muppets in Space article made it more obvious . The majority of the performer biography pages
poke	May and Max see the taller Max and Surskit , so May drags Max away , in order to get closer to Surskit .
poke	On October 10 , 2005 , 4Kids Entertainment sold its 3 % stake in The Pokémon Company for $ 960,000 USD , to the three parties owning the rights to Pokémon ( Nintendo , Creatures and Game Freak )
starwars	In 19 BBY , the last year of the Clone Wars between the Republic and Separatists , the Wookiee father-and-son pair Tarkov and Jaccoba were hunting in the forest near Kahiyuk .
muppet	The special was released on Sesame Streets 50th Anniversary Celebration DVD and digital download on December 3 .
starwars	Ralltiir has been occasionally misspelled as both Raltiir and Ralltir in different publications , such as the issue of the and the `` '' .
muppet	Favorite TV Shows/Movies I would watch anything that regard the Jim Henson Muppets because I have a famish for that show .
starwars	Mothma ordered Corona Squadron not to accompany the rest of the Alliance Fleet to their new rendezvous point .
poke	Brock asks of Ash to hurry up , else they could get lost , prompting Max to see they could 've just gone around the mountain .
poke	The woman begins to tell that Timmy , her only son , stopped going to school , so she hired a detective to look after Timmy .
muppet	Ill report this to our engineers so they can fix the issues with this rename , thereby making sure your logs are displaying the correct information .
poke	The heroes and their Pokémon have lunch ; Ash and Max want more of Brock 's food .
starwars	However , Mother 's summonses were a trap , as she intended to possess one of the clones to escape from the confinement of the space station .
muppet	Wider users will sadly see things bumped down and not aligned with the text , like this
muppet	Hi , Brian ! Its great to see you . The ERIC document that you posted is incredible ! How did you find that ? Toughpigs 0411 , July 28 , 2010
poke	The heroes are shocked , seeing Pikachu 's marks and note how his Thunderbolt was much more powerful .
poke	Ash and Brock arrive , saying it is silly to see them still arguing , which angers the taller Max .
starwars	The problem actually served to assist in the outpost 's training function ; due to the mist , the troops training on Taul were taught to be less dependent on droids and weapons were required to be disassembled and cleaned daily .
starwars	LEGO Star Wars : The Padawan Menace
muppet	Was this book a part of a series that would become the collection that this article represents ? -- Scott Scarecroe 0229 , 1 March 2006
starwars	Around the same time as the Mandalorian occupation of Taris , a bounty placed upon Slyysk for charges of piracy totalling 40,000 was advertised in `` '' trade publication .
starwars	When Voss and her crew executed their heist , the First Order 's 709th Legion interfered , leading to a skirmish in Dok-Ondar 's antiquities store .
starwars	The group was posing as members of the Rebel Alliance , but their Black Sun tattoos gave them away .
muppet	I just found a fantastic interview with Steve Saklad , the Production Designer on the film . He doesnt talk about Playboy , but does say that Hugh Heffner was the inspiration for the mansion . He lists a few of the magazines on the wall , confirming Esquire , which I thought I saw too . Heres the link http//www.sippycupmom.com/2011/11/the-muppets-interview-with-production-designer-steve-saklad.html The # Muppets Interview with Production Designer Steve Saklad . Im going to try and incorporate some of this into some articles . --
poke	The boy introduces himself - wearing many costumes , he can be a Tentacruel , Zigzagoon or any other Pokémon , but says that his true name is Nicholai .
muppet	One of the big errors people can nitpick with the Muppet productions is continuity of the characters heights . For example Rizzo and Pepe normally appear around waist height compared to their human co-stars . However , a full-body look at proportions of the character would suggest they would barely reach a humans knee . Kermit , Fozzie , and the other Muppets also appear in a flexible height range in order to interact comfortably with humans and sets . Steve Whitmire said in a http//www.camelliasoftware.com/TheMuppetsSite/muppetsw.htm 1998 interview that `` If a character like Rizzo only appeared at his true height next to a human actor , you ’ d only see the human actor ’ s feet when you saw Rizzo . That ’ s an extreme example , but the idea is true for most of the characters . Even so , we do know the relative heights of the characters to each other and make an effort to keep that in mind . '' The suspended belief that the audience has when watching the Muppets allows this flexible reality to exist without major distractions . So even though Pepes feet would be floating three feet off the ground , the audience still goes along , not questioning , and usually not even perceiving .
starwars	A despotic theocracy governed Pergitor , heavily restricting the day-to-day life of the population .
poke	His friends do not believe him , so Max goes away to search for it and finds a building .
poke	However , they see more food where Brock is making an oatmeal for Torchic to eat , so Team Rocket jumps and eats it .
starwars	Mount Anzaada was the name of a mountain located in the Kaamos Territory on Alderaan .
muppet	I wonder if theres enough examples for a page on characters who had proper names in the scripts that were never used in dialogue or credits .
starwars	Kessel acted as a junction from the Sanity Skip on to both the Kessel Run and Pabol Sleheyron trade routes .
muppet	Hi ! Thanks for helping out on the Fozzie Bear page . The picture that you added was kind of small ; I think weve got better pictures on the page already . But I appreciate you contributing to the site ! I hope that you stay and add more to the wiki . --
poke	With qualifying for the Grand Festival hanging on the line , May is more determined then ever to win the contest to win her final Ribbon .
poke	Inside , Jessie shows the receptionist her Contest Pass , since she wants to participate .
poke	Torkoal tries to play soccer as well , making Max wonder how will it be able to kick .
muppet	Lisa Crafts is an independent artist and animator who over 20 animated inserts for Sesame Street between 1991 and 2000 .
muppet	Kevin James was reported to have filmed a Word of the Day segment for Sesame Street in Season 38 Season 38 , but didnt show up . Its possible they might use it next season , but as of now , hes not a Sesame Street guest star . Ill keep this talk page here and we can undelete his page if that happens . Its also entirely possible that the article flubbed and he never filmed anything for Sesame . Looking at the way the information is presented , it doesnt look very conclusive , nor is it as reputable a source as say , People Magazine or something . http//www.celebrity-babies.com/2007/07/kevin-james-can.html Scott
poke	But before the battle begins , May tells Roxanne she will not be participating in Gym Battles and instead focus on Contests .
poke	The Toonzai block ended on August 18 , 2012 , but a week later , the block was replaced by Vortexx , which ran as a final Saturday morning cartoon block on The CW from August 25 , 2012 to September 27 , 2014 before being replaced by One Magnificent Morning on October 4 , 2014 .
muppet	Hey babe You can take the attention tag off a page once youve paid attention to it . On Muppet Labs , I just wanted somebody to take the subliterate passages and rewrite them in English . Once youve done that , you can take the Attention tag out . I think we may be too lax about leaving talk boxes on the page after the questions been answered , which kind of litters up the Active talk pages until one of us comes by to clear it out . We might want to start a policy of taking out the talk/attention box as soon as youve fixed the problem or answered the question . --
muppet	Simon debuted on Sesame Street in Season 2 Season 2 and was mostly active until Season 29 Season 29 . He made cameo appearances in The Muppets Take Manhattan , Follow That Bird , The Muppets A Celebration of 30 Years , and A Muppet Family Christmas . In 2018 , Simon made a background cameo in Episode 4827 as a customer in Hoopers Store .
muppet	Henson believed the Lead-Free TV concept was an ideal format for satirizing cable television . However , like with the Inner Tube pilot , the writing remained a problem . Henson rejected a script called Pirate TV in 1988 for being too `` nasty . ''
muppet	Oooh , now that is very interesting . Thank you ! --
muppet	On the TV Special Sesame Street Unpaved Sesame Street Unpaved , Dr. Long What I loved about Jim Henson , when we were doing Roosevelt Franklin , and he watched me do the voiceover for the mother , and I said Mmm-mm-mm .. Roosevelt Franklin sure does know his ABCs , and he totally rewired the mother puppet so she could put her hand on her hip . I thought that was so cool that he respected that thats what a mother would do . } }
poke	Due to May being late , Ash gets outraged , since he wants to go to Fortree City as quickly as possible .
starwars	The group 's next assignment was escort duty to Sluis Van , with their X-wings remaining aboard the frigate `` Larkhess '' as its undermanned crew hauled cargo from Coruscant .
muppet	I asked the first person to put such info here on his talk page , but I thought Id ask here as well . Is there a source for the fact that the Sesame Street News Flash segments will be included as bonus skits instead of part of the main program ? I assumed it was on the amazon.com page but I checked and didnt see it . The bottom of the cover merely reads `` Includes four Muppet Newsflash segments '' , not mentioning whether they are to be bonus features . Also , unlike other recent DVDs with bonus inserts which actually represented the bonus sketches on the covers
poke	Miranda explains the Mirage Kingdom protects this paradise , and , in return , the paradise does the same to the kingdom .
poke	However , the second time the move fails , for Ash and Pikachu need more training .
poke	Team Rocket tries to pull Seviper away , but Seviper bites the net , setting itself free .
muppet	Although originally planned for release in the fall of 2010 , the release was delayed . However , in February 2011 , Boom Studios announced that they were losing the Muppet comic license ; it was later announced that Marvel Comics would be picking up publishing rights and reprinting the original The Muppet Show Comic Book Meet the Meet the Muppets comic book .
poke	A woman appears , stopping the battle , warning the heroes they are in a Pokémon Preserve .
starwars	Just as the conflict with the Empire seemed to be winding down , the Chiss Grand Admiral Thrawn took over a significant portion of the remaining Imperial forces and masterminded a whirlwind campaign of strategy and manipulation .
starwars	Alonzo , billed as the Amazing Alonzo , was a creature trainer with Kersh Lauskner 's Traveling Animal/Acrobatic Arcadium .
poke	A woman wants Jessie 's ribbon , thinking it would look pretty on her Azurill , to which Jessie is interested in .
muppet	In February of 2019 , Deadline reported that The Jim Henson Company was developing a `` comeback '' of Jim Hensons 1987 TV series The StoryTeller .
starwars	RH Mining was formed by Rees Haslip but was later inherited by his daughter , Keriin Haslip , upon his death .
poke	As Ash has trouble dealing with Treecko , who ignores everyone , a Loudred appears and starts trouble .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the the King Prawn page .
poke	Nurse Joy leads everyone to the back of the Center , where they find Team Rocket stealing the Poké Balls .
poke	A child tests Max as to which attacks are effective against some Type of Pokémon , to which Max answers correctly .
muppet	On Telly Tellys page , I wrote how Zoe generally did not appear in any scenes with Telly . I dont think anyone mentioned anything about me talking about the rebuilt Zoe ? Rankin Fraggle
muppet	The title of these sketches started out as individual pages named `` Count to 10 with Nobody ''
starwars	It features lyrics written by Ken and Mitzie Welch , set to a rearranged version of the `` Star Wars '' main theme by John Williams .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 0357 , January 3 , 2010
muppet	Um ... are you sure Caroll is doing one of the Monotones voices ? It sounds more like Fran to me , especially because it sounds alot like a girls voice . Wattamack4 2307 , January 19 , 2010 Alex
poke	Max sees May is becoming a better Trainer , while May thinks it is due to Wurmple and thanks it .
muppet	The Main Performers include Lorna Howley as Didi the Dodo , Christopher Scheer as Leo the Golden Lion Tamarin , Martina Plag as Alfreda the Cheetah , Kevin `` Chuck '' Chick as Iggle the Eaglet , Elizabeth Dapo as Phibi the Frog , Jeff Cleve as Igor the Tiger and Michel Jerome Faulkner II as The `` Douc '' Langer . Alfreda was later played by Gina L. Leigh .
poke	He shows them some lilypads , stones , logs and reeds , places where they could capture Water Pokémon .
muppet	Footage of Gertie was seen in the Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 210 The Great Muppet Cartoon The Great Muppet Cartoon Show '' , with Baby Gonzo being frightened by the dinosaur .
starwars	In the last days of the war , the Separatists broke through and managed to land on the surface , and had reached the point of breaking the Republic lines .
starwars	The Elorac was a BFF-1 bulk freighter that was used by a civilian company .
poke	Nevertheless , Seviper goes to bite and Cacnea uses Needle Arm , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , blasting Team Rocket away .
muppet	According to its Wikipedia article , Nickelodeon aired reruns of Muppets Tonight from 1996-2000 , while Disney Channel kept reruns going to as late as 2002 . While Im not sure about the accuracy of the Nickelodeon claim
starwars	Impacts were counted near twenty-seven populated areas .
starwars	Wookiee pummels and Heavy Wookiee Pummels were siege engines in use by the Wookiees during the Galactic Civil War and into the New Republic era .
starwars	In a verbal confrontation , Kerra told Odion that she had attacked him aboard his space station to drive him away from Chelloa thus saving the lives of thousands of sentients .
starwars	Following the destruction of the Almas Academy , the heroes travel to Coruscant to confront the man responsible for it , the Dark Jedi Garth Ezzar .
poke	Jessie and James , disguised , ask a man who is passing by whether he wants to win Contests .
starwars	The code contained information about where it was issued while the holoseal was hard to remove or modify .
poke	Nevertheless , Slaking stands up , being angry and pounds its chest with its arms .
muppet	Theres a picture here of the older Mary Louise yelling out of a window -- what episode is that from ? --
poke	Jessie sends Seviper , who uses Poison Tail , but Pikachu counterattacks with Iron Tail .
poke	Misty points out Ash can be really good at times like these , making Ash skeptical why he would n't be .
muppet	The Doozer Who Didnt was also referenced by Cotterpin Cotterpins parents in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 208 All Work and All All Work and All Play . ''
poke	`` Norman 's family '' soon gathers attention , but a man , named Yaohei , suspects Meowth and Wobbuffet do n't look like May and Max .
muppet	Im confused by the part in this article that says it was the first international translation . Didnt the Spanish and German ones come before this one ? --
starwars	Wrench actually managed to wire the controls to his helmet .
muppet	Is there a source for the Creature Shop having been used on this film ? http//www.imdb.com/title/tt0318155/companycredits IMDb doesnt credit them , but we all know thats not conclusive . David Barclay doesnt mention Henson for that film on his http//209.85.165.104/search ? q=cache737EJ.davebarclay.com/pages/493562/page493562.html % 3Frefresh % 3D1141105818984+
starwars	Bocatts were reptilian creatures native to the desert planet Tatooine .
poke	Gordon begins to tell his tale - he saw the Absol and sent Heracross , who attacked it .
starwars	With this revamp , a completely new tutorial was added to the game in the form of Tansarii Point Station .
poke	Team Rocket are digging a tunnel , as they know they are the only Team Rocket members to have been given an important job in Hoenn .
muppet	Username loneliness fixed . --
starwars	Yorgraxx
poke	Team Rocket go down a path and see a Trapinch , so Meowth thinks it will open the nuts for the boss if he had one , so they go to capture one .
starwars	In ancient times , the Rakatan homeworld of Lehon served as the capital of the Infinite Empire until its collapse .
muppet	Jeff , please dont remove the HTML comments in Muppets Halloween Costumes . That page needs some major reworking as specified on the talk page . Scott
starwars	When Krim rejected an offer by the Black Sun to merge their two syndicates , the Black Sun 's leader Ziton Moj retaliated by kidnapping Laalee , her mother , and her brother .
poke	Brock also brings his Mudkip and Lotad , confusing Birch why Lotad is oblivious to its surroundings .
starwars	However , Jao refused to listen to reason and departed to confront Darth Luft and the pirates .
starwars	However , a group of Balnab hunters quickly found them and ensnared them in a net .
starwars	He chased Lo'gaan , a far younger man than he was , for several months , and even disregarded the chance of finding more Jedi fugitives on far-flung worlds in favor of hunting the young Padawan .
muppet	Wilkins and Wontkins are seen in a laboratory . Wontkins is inside a machine and Wilkins is behind a control-pad
poke	Jessie sends Seviper , who attacks with Poison Tail , but Pikachu retaliates with Iron Tail .
poke	Max thinks Absol is n't to blame , since they do n't know if it actually caused the bridge 's destruction .
poke	Torkoal tries to attack with Flamethrower , but misses and gets hit by Skarmory 's Swift .
poke	The heroes go through the canyons , making May think if they are even going in the right direction , but Brock assures her they do .
starwars	After absorbing any potentially lucrative memories from his brother , Cypher pinned him down as he bled to death .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1642 , 11 September 2011
muppet	What a fantastic picture of the float from The Tournament of Roses Parade . Wherever did you find it ? --
starwars	Among the travelers planning to use the `` Star of Iskin '' to journey Rimward was Finis Valorum , the former Republic Supreme Chancellor who had returned from a self-imposed exile to assist Senators Bail Organa and Mon Mothma in opposing current Supreme Chancellor Palpatine 's increasing wartime powers .
poke	Still , Brock goes to cook a stew , pleasing May and Max , though Brock goes to serve Pikachu first , making the latter overjoyed .
starwars	The Senate then gave Leia leave from her senatorial duties .
starwars	Creating a civilization of large stone monuments and structures deep within the forests of Seylott , the species developed a religious order known whose members were known as the Disciples of Shaa .
starwars	As such , the Keshiri regarded it as the will of the Skyborn that they were to hate the Otherside .
poke	On September 21 , 2016 , 4Licensing Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy , the bankruptcy plan became effective on February 7 , 2017 .
poke	Even though Team Rocket is angry for their motto being disrupted , they still go to capture Wurmple .
poke	Savannah decides to use both Pokémon , for rules are that the Pokémon used must be different in primary and secondary battles .
starwars	Though nominally a medical unit meant to aid him with his seizures , in practice the droid was more of a protocol droid and could also perform other tasks such as driving a speeder .
starwars	`` The Freemakers help a village of Lurmen regain their stolen Kyber crystals from the Galactic Empire .
poke	She admits she wants to be an archaeologist , but her parents took the collection she got , since they wanted her to become a doctor .
starwars	In short order , the Jedi set out on an expedition to locate the scattered Alwari clans , particularly the Borokii overclan .
poke	They give the tourists two sodas , who run off , being startled by Team Rocket .
muppet	Also , also — and this is an older change that Im not sure I communicated at the time — a quotes attribution can be added in the template with the optional field attr= to help with some uniformity in places where the Quote template is used . No extra indenting and formatting code needed .
starwars	Freighter PBY-1457 was an undercover freighter used by New Republic Intelligence Service agent Belindi Kalenda during her mission to Corellia .
starwars	Factryn meat pie was a Wookiee dish .
poke	Ash and Pikachu are hungry as always and May sees a sign for A Pokémon Contest , so she plans on winning her third ribbon .
poke	Soon , Ash finds the key and sets Nurse Joy out , while May switches to the reserve generator .
poke	Seviper bites , but fails when Torkoal uses Iron Defense , then burns Seviper with Flamethrower .
starwars	Unlike before , Cal was able to get the upper hand on the Inquisitor .
starwars	Duchess Satine Kryze attempted to calm her people outside the palace , but Vizsla and the Death Watch then swooped in and intervened to `` stop '' the criminals , becoming heroes in the eyes of the Mandalorian people who started calling for change .
poke	Nicky believes Absol is not the one causing trouble and asks for it to come with him to prove the villagers that fact .
muppet	The references I have -- Jim Henson The Works , and the Museum of Television
muppet	50 Years And Counting is a DVD set commemorating the Sesame Street 50th 50th anniversary of Sesame Street , released on October 1 , 2019 . The two-disc set contains various segments and street plots from the shows history , with one disc containing just segments and the other containing just street plots .
starwars	The Star Destroyers now began hitting targets in the southern hemisphere , forcing Raddus to take action and order his vessels to launch .
poke	Lance plans for an opportunity to get Pikachu back , while Brock , Max and May have to distract Kyogre and Archie .
muppet	Scratch McCollie is the elderly canine art teacher to Eliot Shag on Dog City Dog City . Appearing in `` Episode 208 Old Dogs , New Old Dogs , New Tricks , '' Professor McCollie comes to visit his prized pupil , and winds up interfering with his own cartoon work . McCollies own private eye character , a predecessor to Eliots Ace Hart , is the black and white hero Sam Spayed .
muppet	Sesame Street Pop Up Tour F is for Friends is a live Sesame Street touring show visiting shopping malls in ten US cities in spring 2018 . This is the second live touring show sponsored by Sesame Workshop and HBO , following 2017s K is for Kindness Tour .
muppet	I have a number of fan-memories that Im attempting to verify before I add the information they contain to any pages here . Here are a few of them , for starters
starwars	Hundreds of Bothans would be personally slaughtered by Emperor Palpatine for their treachery , most notably during the 501st Legion 's retaliatory attack on the Rebel base on the surface of Yavin 4 , killing 3 Bothan Rebel leaders .
starwars	The TZ-27 annihilator droid was a security droid that was used to guard cell block 923-A on Belsavis .
starwars	This B1 battle droid was stationed on the bridge of the Separatist `` Subjugator '' -class heavy cruiser , the `` Malevolence '' , and served under command of General Grievous .
starwars	Zeck Tambell
poke	The latter replies she thinks she was a fool not to trust him , but Hal tells her that she did believe him .
starwars	Not long afterwards , the monarch abdicated the throne.This name of state was used for public occasions and represented the honor and dignity of the office one chose .
poke	Corphish fires Bubble Beam , immediately defeating Torkoal , making Ash the winner of the Gym match .
muppet	I know youve been all over the place lately , so I was just wondering if you happened to see this yet . Scott and I were talking about record stuff , and he suggested I write up a short history , and he added the picture , and here it is ! What do you think ? --
poke	Ash and Treecko practice more , with Treecko 's attack being much more powerful with training .
starwars	After Senator Amidala 's ship was captured , the Republic fleet stopped firing , and a team was sent to board the `` Malevolence '' led by Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker .
poke	After a fierce battle , Silcoon evolves into Beautifly and blows away Team Rocket with a Gust attack .
poke	This shocks Jessie , who wonders if Seviper can use Luster Purge , Psywave or Dragon Claw , but Seviper is even more embarrassed .
poke	May introduces herself to Ash and wonders about Pikachu , so Birch replies a night 's sleep should restore its energy .
muppet	I saw that you added some margin to the timeline template , thats awesome -- I should do that for Template-nav too . And now I know why has been bothering me -- theres a 25px margin under the template , which pushes the text down . Is there a reason why you put that in , or is it just there ? Would you object to shortening it , or removing it ? --
muppet	`` Never Have to Say Goodbye `` is a song from the Muppet Babies 2018 Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 102 Hatastrophe / Fly Fly South '' .
starwars	Matt Gidney
muppet	Blainey began his radio career as an NBC page at their New York New York studios in 1934 and transitioned into sound effects , starting as an apprentice sound man on The Philip Morris Playhouse in 1936 and becoming a full sound effects technician in 1937 .
starwars	Renamed `` Retribution '' , it operated as a pirate and slaving ship .
poke	The heroes come to the A-B-C Islands , where they meet up with Professor Birch .
muppet	The Cow Announcer was the announcer for the serial Flash Lash Holstein Space Cowdet in Episode 202 Rick episode 202 of Muppets Tonight , temporarily replacing A. Ligator . He also announcers the sponsor tags for Moo-veltine , `` the brown flavored drink youll swear is almost chocolate-like . ''
starwars	An art gallery was located on the planet Primea , the center of the Vak Combine .
starwars	They made their way to The Droid Store of businessman Van P. Quist .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 2119 , 21 July 2009
muppet	On the tape , there are two songs `` Imagination '' by Michael Minard , and `` Im Remarkable '' by Michael Mark .
starwars	Rather than face his Master 's punishment for his failure , the Grand Inquisitor killed himself .
starwars	The Bhir'khi Pass was one of the only access path to the city .
poke	Brock thanks Mudkip for the assistance , while Swampy proposes Brock should take Mudkip , as Mudkip really likes Brock .
starwars	It is visible walking behind Aunt Beru when Luke looks down into their homestead from the crater 's rim ( when she 's telling Luke to be sure their next protocol droid can speak Bocce ) .
starwars	The squadron comprised Bravo Flight A and Bravo Flight B .
starwars	Rotas V
starwars	In heated exchanges , she has even been known to drop veiled hints at the power her allies could bring to a dispute .
muppet	Thaleen appeared in the Farscape episode `` Episode 113 Rhapsody in Rhapsody in Blue '' .
starwars	They were later rescued by the Jedi Aayla Secura and Ekria , as well as the clone trooper lieutenant Galle .
muppet	Cookie Monster sees styrofoam letters that spell the word FOOD . After he sounds them out , he dons a bib , sprinkles salt and pepper on the letters , and eats them ... and then eats the bib . Video Getting Ready to Read } }
starwars	He then fed them lies related to those officials , as well as a modified version of the heresy , before sending the five out to spread the word , where they were caught in due course by those working with Ngaaluh to root out the heresy .
muppet	I just added Episode 3199 . Do you know the Noggin edits in that one ? MuppetVJ 2036 , 14 October 2008
poke	Pikachu is about to use Thunderbolt , but Ash realizes it will hit the Phantom .
muppet	Not much , but it is a start . Ill work on this tomorrow night and see who else we can find . The book doesnt feature as many of the caricatures as Id hoped , but itll be fun .
starwars	Teradoc wasted no time getting comfortable , growing fat in his ship 's galley and generally avoiding any kind of combat .
muppet	Heya ! In Episode 4080 , the Fairy Godperson gets a call on his wand cell phone about a moose in Minnesota who wants to fly like a squirrel . Is this a Rocky and Bullwinkle reference ? Scott
poke	She was expected to take over her parents ' business , so `` childish '' things , such as her Poochyena , were taken away , with her parents forbidding any further contact with Pokémon .
muppet	Whats the source for this song being written in 1981 ? I noticed http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=Letter_B
starwars	Saxon then fled , but was chased by Kryze , as Almec died but not before giving Ahsoka the name `` Skywalker . ''
starwars	While the rakamats strode into battle , Chazrach would grip the creatures ' thick outer skin until they reached enemy lines .
muppet	Is Kirk Thatcher credited for this role ? —
starwars	Eventually , however , business interests discovered the rich ore deposits in the subterranean layers .
poke	Grovyle attacks with Bullet Seed , but Slaking stops the attack using its own hands .
starwars	They tossed the supplies and equipment in the skyhopper down to the Raptors waiting below and disabled the autopilot , bringing the craft down to street level .
starwars	Krane was a humanoid female officer of the Galactic Empire who was placed in charge of Project Auger on Zeffo .
poke	However , Ash trips and falls down in a puddle , so his jacket is being hanged , to be dried up .
starwars	Merj spaceport
poke	Jessie and James refuse to , since they are their partners , so Rico intends to take them by force .
poke	Meowth imagines if their boss was in a desert to set a new base up for Team Rocket , he 'd been given the watermelons and Team Rocket some promotions .
muppet	Michael Richards rose to fame as Kramer on the sitcom Seinfeld . He was spoofed on Muppets Tonight as Baby Kramer in the Seinfeld Babies skit . A few years earlier , hed provided a guest voice on Dinosaurs , as WESAYSOs publicity director in Episode 224 WESAYSO Knows Best .
poke	They are always short with food and have no progress whatsoever , so James wants to end it by capturing Pikachu .
starwars	It had the most cannons and was the first place to receive targeting orders , and because of this , the other guns followed the primary weapons ' fire .
starwars	After being freed from the Gamorreans who captured him , Zaalbar swore a life debt to Revan .
poke	Team Rocket , however , has been washed on shore , miserable for their failed plan .
poke	Mightyena go to attack him , but Pikachu has strange marks on his head and attacks them without Ash 's order .
muppet	By the way , I managed to finish everything at work ! Break out the cheese ! --
starwars	After Dameron and the Crèche cultists had subdued Terex and his men , Kun and her comrades refueled their starfighters at the Cave of the Créche .
poke	The machine analyzes a fossil and produces the extinct Pokémon from the fossil .
muppet	Is there also a similar karate chop when Piggy hurls Kermit in the opposite direction , from the stage to backstage ? Or am I misremembering ?
starwars	Banding together under the banner of Clan Ordo , Mandalore the Preserver 's assembled warriors aided Meetra Surik in battling against the forces of the Sith Triumvirate during the Dark Wars .
starwars	Beniko used this opportunity to bring the Outlander onto speed on the past five years of galactic events and the current state of the major organizations .
muppet	So its been a year now since its been mentioned by anyone . What do you guys think about moving this to Unfinished Movies ? Obviously , if anything comes up in the future , we can change the category again , but right now , theres no evidence that this project is still in active development . --
poke	Meowth proposes to use Jessie 's hair as bait for Whiscash , but she does not approve of the plan .
muppet	I recently searched the online video player of sesamestreet.org , and I noticed that only one SMMM clip is on it . Taelia 2030 , 19 December 2007
muppet	`` Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song '' is a # 1 hit from B. J. Thomas . The song is sung by Miss Piggy as the UK Spots ( The Muppet UK Spot on Episode 112 Peter episode 112 of The Muppet Show . Rowlf the Rowlf accompanies her on piano and joins in on the chorus , along with Fozzie Fozzie , George the Janitor , Mildred Huxtetter , Scooter , Janice , Hilda and Gonzo . At the end of the song , Miss Piggy collapses onto Rowlfs shoulder , crying about missing Kermit the Kermit , while Rowlf wipes imaginary tears out of his eyes .
poke	Joy denies it and Brock describes Nurse Joy 's relations , confusing May and Max with Nurse Joy 's family tree .
muppet	The release date for both DVD and Blu-Ray was announced on January 10 , before the film hit theaters . Three special `` customer review '' videos were created , in which Statler and Waldorf heckle the release . They were posted on Amazon.de as part of the cover art and media section .
starwars	At least one Airam facility was located in the Kuras Drift in the adjacent Elrood sector .
starwars	A mission to a planet in the Vagadarr system was undertaken by the Grand Master of the Jedi Order , the diminutive Yoda , after he felt a disturbance in the Force during the Republic Era .
poke	Beautifly uses Morning Sun , healing itself This amazed the audience , especially May , who wishes to participate in the Contests .
starwars	Hera pleads for her love to come home .
starwars	Klaus Vandangante
poke	Cacturne starts with Poison Sting , but Bulbasaur cancels with Vine Whip and counterattacks with Razor Leaf , though Cacturne stops the attack using Bullet Seed .
starwars	Te Corso is a character in `` '' , a comic book series penned by John Ostrander and Jan Duursema .
muppet	So in the future , please dont upload any ad pictures or videos of commercials . The front cover for a DVD like Elmos Alphabet Challenge will always be better than an ad or a back cover . Thanks !
poke	Brock is making sandwiches for everyone and thinks Corphish could help him out .
muppet	Some of her other credits include guest spots on King of the Hill , The West Wing , Frasier , and lead roles in Star Wars The Last Jedi and Marriage Story .
starwars	However , it was not without risk , as the opponent could simply stab upward while the duelist was above them .
muppet	If it turns out that the longer version of `` Wet Paint '' does indeed have more to the intro , and it turns out the character has a name , do you suppose we could make a new , better article of this character , or just merge it with `` Wet Paint Alex
muppet	The bear family from Goldilocks and the Three Bears resides on Sesame Street . The family , headed by Papa Bear and Mama Bear welcomed their second child Curly Bear in 2003 . Their son Baby Bear is a good friend of monsters Telly Telly , Zoe , Mexican-born Rosita and Elmo . Beginning in 1998 , Elmo was given his own segment , Elmos World , occupying most of the shows second half as viewers explore topics in a crayon-drawn , imaginary version of Elmos apartment . In 2012 , Elmos World was replaced by a new segment , Elmo The Musical .
muppet	A four part BBC Two documentary series from 2014 hosted by Sue Perkins in Laos . In voice-over , she remarks on the local agriculture `` Its hard to believe , but this Kermit colored slime will get turned into a local specialty called kaipen . ''
muppet	The primary actors who inhabited the suits had no prior experience as costumed performers . They trained for weeks to learn how to move in costumes weighing up to 150 pounds . The temperature inside a suit could rise to more than 100 degrees ; a small fan was positioned to blow air through the costumes mouth between takes . Sonny Gerasimowicz .
muppet	Was Taus scene featured in season 42 as the article suggests ? --
muppet	The DVD booklet lists the following credit `` ABBA dolls by Jim Henson Creature Shop Ltd. '' The same can be found in the on-screen credits , where the distinction between the terms `` puppets '' and `` dolls '' is lost in translation .
poke	Johnny uses Blizzard and Skitty does the same , but with less efficiency , but Abby 's pleased either way .
starwars	Once the Imperials launched their major combat deployment during the Jedha insurgency , four of the X-wings were launched to strike back .
muppet	Im sure thats true , but who is the person who said it ? There are three links at the bottom -- a press release , a Henson.com page , and the podcast . Did they say this in the podcast ? Its not in the other two . --
starwars	After being healed by Rey and communing with a memory of his later father Han Solo , Ren embraced his former identity of Ben Solo and rejected the dark side .
muppet	Hey , Nate ! Have you seen http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=c3evrFhrRWw this clip ? I thought youd enjoy it . --
starwars	He later taught Surik one of the techniques he used ; it involved keeping the mind occupied , for example , by imagining playing pazaak or counting sounds made by the `` Ebon Hawk '' propulsion .
muppet	Ansel is a photographer hired to take The Sinclair Family portrait in the fourth season Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 404 Driving Miss Driving Miss Ethyl . '' Ansel is also a licensed family therapist , and when the familys squabbling threatens the integrity of the picture , he intervenes with a group session .
muppet	You know what ? I just think I might actually make another Sandbox with every Sesame Street song sorted by year , in conjunction with this EKA project . I never even thought of that until now .
starwars	A thoroughly angered Calrissian was then ordered to bring the prisoners to the freezing chamber .
starwars	Kintan strider death gambit
starwars	Thinking that the Imperial ships were part of the course , Dev opened fire on the stationary Imperial TIE fighters and Class-A cargo containers , as well as a `` Delta '' -class DX-9 stormtrooper transport and the BFF-1 bulk freighter `` Rouh '' .
starwars	The bureaucratic members of this council served as advisors regarding matters of state to the Toydarian king .
muppet	The curriculum for Season 39 focused on math literacy `` designed to help children put their mathematical thinking into words and talk about how they solve problems . '' Math literacy is featured in many scenes .
poke	Nicole sees Natalie had only fallen in love , inspiring May for `` love at first sight '' .
starwars	In 22 BBY , the Mandalorian Bounty hunter Jango Fett traveled to Malastare in order to capture Sebolto and learn of his contacts with the Bando Gora cult .
muppet	The article says `` Done in one shot , this number took twenty-two takes . '' Whats the source on the 22 takes ? It a cool bit of trivia , but where is it from ? --
starwars	As a Knight , Daroon began independent study on the path to become a Sentinel , as it best complemented his skills with technology .
muppet	Shane found the Carla Pinza ID more recently , in 2014 , so he might be able to weigh in . I thought of checking Playbill.coms vault , but her only Broadway credit was 1968 , predating Sesame Street .
poke	James claims this is a waste of time , but Meowth reminds him arguing with Jessie is actually a waste of time , since this could be their opportunity to catch Pikachu .
muppet	Hank was created on July 1954 .
poke	Ash wonders what Team Magma wants with that stone , but he , Max , Marius and Stern refuse to hand it away .
starwars	Breaching the Bastion 's defenses , Havoc Squad cornered General Rakton inside and successfully apprehended him , dealing a serious blow to the Imperial offensive .
starwars	Advising the Council to remain on the planet , Sidious assured them that he would send his apprentice , Darth Vader , to watch over them .
muppet	Zebediah was the grizzled cook in a sketch on Sesame Street , where Grover who get to the table first . 1343 } }
starwars	Sajar was significantly powerful in the use of the Force , and he demonstrated significant endurance and combat prowess when he dueled Braga for three days straight .
muppet	The AP ran an article this week
muppet	Id say the distinction is that they are international adaptations of a Muppet show .
poke	On their way to Pacifidlog Town , the boat Ash and his friends are riding breaks down , forcing them to make a pit stop on Donto Island .
starwars	Despite their victory , Nidaljo knew that his men could not hold the base successfully , as they were too far in Black Sun 's territory .
starwars	This quick reaction impressed Karoly D'ulin and Paloma D'asima , two members of the Mistryl Shadow Guard who were on board the `` Relentless '' to discuss the possibility of working with the Imperial Remnant .
starwars	Krova the Hutt was a minor Hutt crime boss with a female personality who operated from a base on the planet of Alvorine , in the Outer Rim Territories .
muppet	Hi Tony -- The Whitman puzzles that you uploaded are fantastic ! Its awesome to see such clear , bright pics . Yay ! --
starwars	When one of her employees , a Balosar named Barin Trevina , disappeared while attempting to acquire a Dark side object known as the Fell Star , Prello hired a group to find him .
muppet	The Spiral Caverns are explored by Red Red and Boober Boober in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 117 Marooned . '' On Boobers birthday , Red is given the job of keeping Boober occupied while Boobers party is prepared . When Red goes into the Spiral Caverns , they enter an area where there is a falling rock warning . When they enter , some rocks begin to fall , and Red and Boober end up trapped in a cave-in .
poke	Pikachu charges to Nosepass , to which Nosepass uses Zap Cannon as an counterattack .
poke	May is astounded , but Max reminds her she needs to be good with her Pokémon first .
muppet	In the The Ghost of Faffner Ghost of Faffner Hall episode `` Episode 102 Delighting in Delighting in Sounds '' , The Wild Impresario searches for new sounds , to participate in the festival of sounds .
starwars	Soon , he ascended to the rank of major fighting pirate nests that had preyed on shipping in Grohl 's rimward reaches and intervened to end the civil war on nearby Ostega .
muppet	As I understand it , a new design is coming anyway . So my suggestion is improve the look of the tables !
poke	May 's mother then asks about May 's bike , who remembers it got destroyed by Pikachu 's attack .
muppet	Id planned to take a break , but I cant sleep , and Im in a reasonably rational frame of mind , so . In case you missed it , you might find Characters Without Names useful . Also , should the category include characters who dont have names but where the label is clearly listed in the credits
starwars	Dorin/Legends
muppet	The Emperor is one of the returning characters who appear in the prequel series The Dark Crystal Age of Resistance , voiced here by Jason Isaacs and puppeteered by Dave Chapman .
poke	The girl gives some water to Max and admits he is cute , causing Max to blush and nervously laugh .
starwars	Bardian Aelto was first mentioned on the Holonet portion of the official site for the 2011 BioWare massively multiplayer online role-playing video game `` '' , and he was first named in the game 's Codex entry for Quesh venom .
poke	Max spots May and Drew 's footprints , who must have gone into the cave with the Wynaut .
poke	However , Savannah becomes nervous and asks for May 's help , who is decides to use Bulbasaur , even if she did n't train it much .
muppet	Hey , Scott ! At this point , the template debate is mainly between you and Nate . As discussed here http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Archive_Events_06_ % 28March_2006 % 29 # Song_Template_Update , Danny said he doesnt object if Nate wants to do it , and I really dont care one way or the other . So I think I may have found a compromise . I can tell youre not still convinced that publisher information would be useful , but your primary objection is that you dont think Nate could fix all the pages , right ? Well , Ive been fiddling not with the template but with a few song pages , Two Lost Souls , Muck and Goo , and Sing That Law Again , inserting a `` publisher= '' . As its not in the template yet , the insertion doesnt harm the box at all . So basically , assuming Nate has publisher info for at least half or more of 350 plus songs
muppet	Looks like youve been busy between shows . I noticed youve been working on some 80s celebrities . Are you working on the Muppet Magazines ? I had some questions on them , but mine are buried right now , so let me now if you ever get yours handy . Hope your moving is almost done ! --
poke	Grovyle attacks with Leaf Blade , but Slaking grabs onto Grovyle 's blades and tosses it away .
starwars	Years later , in 20 BBY , Tor contacted , via comlink , his father to let him know that he had lost contact with Ruusaan and asked Kal to look for her .
poke	The heroes arrive at Rishin Town , where they see a sign about a Gym with the world 's most powerful Pokémon , so they go check it out .
poke	When nurse Joy first came to the window to close it , it was opened a little bit , but in the camera 's footage it is first shown that there are n't any windows , and then that they are fully opened .
muppet	Afterwards , Elmo says he could see the number 8 , because it looks the same upside down as it does right-side up . A stylized 8 appears and rotates to prove his point . Then , Elmo thinks about what else he can do while standing on his head , until he realizes that hes already doing something thinking .
muppet	Dont forget to sign your posts using four tildes
muppet	thankyouverymuchweappreciateit
starwars	Air defense towers were found on other worlds as well , utilizing different types of blaster and laser cannons depending on the emplacement 's projected use and the availability of component technology .
poke	A moment later , Pikachu attacks it with Quick Attack , but fails when Slakoth used Counter .
muppet	I just watched the film , and it said in the end credits that Bill Barretta played the Fozzie Moopet .
poke	Team Rocket is working in a restaurant , dressed as waiters , and James asks Jessie to serve the customer some milk .
starwars	Soon after the Battle of Yavin , the Moff was forced to accept Contruum 's independence from the Empire .
poke	They claim if Ash wants to challenge Norman , they 'd have to beat them first , and they wo n't allow themselves to be defeated .
poke	May still plans to catch it , so she sends out Torchic , despite battling inside the lab .
muppet	The transaction included all Muppet assets , including the Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy , Fozzie Bear , Gonzo and Animal characters , the Muppet film and television library , and all associated copyrights and trademarks , as well as all the Bear in the Big Blue House characters , television library , copyrights and trademarks . The transaction did not include the Sesame Street characters , which are separately owned by Sesame Workshop , nor did it include Fraggle Rock and other franchises , which The Jim Henson Company retained . The deal also included non-exclusive production and consulting agreements under which Henson would develop potential new programming featuring the Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House for Disney . Sesame Workshop has permission from Disney to use old Kermit segments from Sesame Street in new DVD releases , show several Kermit scenes on newer episodes , Play With Me Sesame , online , have Kermit make a cameo appearance on Elmos World Frogs and appear on the cover of Sesame Street DVDs such as Silly Storytime and Best of Sesame Street Spoofs ! . Lionsgate got permission from Disney to use the Muppets characters on the 2010 DVD releases of Hensons Place , Sesame Street 20 and Still Counting , and Dog City The Movie .
poke	With other trainers noting Rocky is the best on the island , Ash accepts the challenge .
muppet	In the expanded UK Spots ( Muppets UK airings of Muppets Tonight , Carl also appeared on the game show Swift Wits , in which he always ate the contestants . Carls mother , Carla the Big Mean Mom , is featured in Episode 212 .
starwars	One of them , Rukh , even became his bodyguard , traveling with him everywhere .
poke	The excess electricity causes Pikachu to run off in pain , followed by Ash and Birch .
poke	Abby massages Meowth , saying it must be under a lot of stress , which Meowth knows it is due to Jessie .
poke	They knock , but with no answer , suspecting it might be abandoned or even haunted .
starwars	Before Organa could respond , Boushh attacked the group , yet after a brief exchange of blaster fire and melee combat , Boushh was disarmed by a calm and collected Leia Organa , before being downed by R2-D2 with a nearby machinery and stunned unconscious by Maz Kanata .
poke	The heroes forgives Thatcher 's sister for not trusting them , while Thatcher notices the bond Ash and Pikachu are sharing .
muppet	As a Muppet Show writer , Langham received two awards from the American Writers Guild . He was also featured as the guest star in Episode 519 Chris episode 519 .
starwars	In 19 BBY following the Battle of Coruscant and the work done by Judicial Captain Dyne , the High Council came to be suspicious of the Office of the Supreme Chancellor and linking Darth Sidious to influencing the Chancellor .
muppet	Rex Grignon is a computer animator who has spent most of his career at Pacific Data Images , which rendered Waldo C. Graphic for The Jim Henson Hour and Muppet * Vision 3D . Grignon appeared as himself in the Jim Henson Hour episode `` Episode 110 Secrets of the Secrets of the Muppets . '' He demonstrates how Waldos movements are converted into real-time computer animation , which in turn are letter re-rendered in high resolution for the final product
poke	Snorunt evades them and uses Icy Wind , though they all duck and Team Rocket is frozen instead .
starwars	During this time , Anglang watched as the CBPD arrived and dragged Kedpin out of the bar and into a police van .
muppet	The latest official NBC Press release http//nbcumv.com/release_detail.nbc/entertainment-20080925000000-umathurman44jes.html uses the title `` A Muppets Christmas Letters to Santa '' . Should we change our title around to match their titling ? --
poke	As is the case with some MISSINGNO. , catching 'M for the first time will result in the player unlocking 'M 's Pokédex data but actually obtaining a Rhydon .
poke	The man thinks they are like his Pokémon , but thinks he should find her friends first .
muppet	The song was selected as the `` Best Sesame Street Letter Song '' by the the Onion A.V . Club '' in its `` http//www.avclub.com/content/node/62733/2 First Annual Absolute Best Issue . ''
muppet	i just think it would look nicer . to see it click Muppet here .
starwars	Despite Wicket and Leia 's protests , Logray would have sacrificed them as a feast in C-3PO 's honor .
poke	On November 10 , 2008 , 4Kids Entertainment announced that it would exit its contract with Fox and terminate its Fox programming block by the end of 2008 .
starwars	Her brother was Xanatos , a Padawan of the Jedi Order .
starwars	It was notable for being the date of birth of celebrated All Zectorn player Manac-Nebut .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 0042 , June 6 , 2011
poke	A year ago , he received a letter from a girl named Mariah , who complimented the movie she saw , so wants Elijah to get back with a new movie .
poke	May is not in the mood , so Ash sits down and tells every trainer can get overconfident and have accidents like these .
starwars	Star Wars Episode I : I Am a Droid is a children 's book written by Marc Cerasini with interior design by Iain Morris .
starwars	As colonies spread , the native Jungle Felucian species went underground or lived in small villages in the thickest forests .
starwars	The Alliance was in need of additional starfighters for use in their war against the Galactic Empire .
muppet	Scrutinizing this article , Im not sure it belongs in Sesame Street International Sesame Street Shows . It wasnt a co-production or localization or a pure dub . Instead , it was a show which showed dubbed Sesame Street footage ; its not even clear if it was on a regular basis or rotating with the other elements . Its definitely an interesting show and worth documenting , but Im thinking it should be re-categorized ; international TV appearances , maybe ? I just think its current categorization , and position on International Sesame Street , is a bit misleading to casual readers . --
starwars	It would cause death by asphyxiation .
muppet	Two Nurses appeared with Kermit the Kermit and a Doctor ( Muppet doctor during the `` Coconut '' number on Episode 410 Kenny episode 410 of The Muppet Show .
starwars	At some point , the Catacombs were inhabited by the Church of the Contained Crescent .
starwars	An example was Gial Ackbar , the representative from Coral City .
muppet	In late 1989 , Henson made a radical change in his career . Wanting to become less of a businessman and focus more on the creative side of the production , he entered into talks with Michael Eisner to sell his company and characters to The Walt Disney Company . After Hensons sudden and untimely death , negotiations went awry , and Disney would not acquire Muppets The Muppets until February 2004 , which it now controls through the wholly-owned subsidiary The Walt Disney Company # The Muppets Studio The Muppets Studio .
poke	Jessie reminds James they will sell the berries , after they make the Pokéblocks .
poke	Ash goes in to battle with Pikachu , while the Phantom decides the rules are like the Contest 's , with a five-minute limit .
poke	May does so , but Jessie only complains how it is hurting her or May does not push hard enough .
starwars	Things became complicated , however , when Toryn Farr , the leading figure among the ship 's occupants , proposed an alternate rescue idea : Zuckuss would wear his ammonia suit , and the bounty hunters would transfer all of the passengers to their ship for transport to the Rebel underground on Darlyn Boda .
starwars	The Emperor , instead of angry , is quite pleased with his apprentice 's scheming , believing Vader 's conspiracies to be the proper way of the dark side .
starwars	Daupherm Marine Corps
muppet	Just saying hi cause you havent been around in a few days ) ! --
starwars	Sometimes , the term nonhuman was used interchangeably .
starwars	Evidently , the Aquilaeans practiced strict primogeniture , as Leia 's younger brothers were later in the line of succession .
starwars	The former baron persisted however , attempting to make a killing stroke .
starwars	Using his Amban sniper rifle , the Mandalorian began disintegrating several bounty hunters .
muppet	I added an in development tag to this , but the history shows its creation by an anonymos user . So any source to confirm whether , in fact , a new Brazilian Sesame Street is planned for 2007 , would be appreciated . --
poke	Anyway , the woman shows Flareon and Lairon , the Pokémon she 'll use in the Contest .
poke	The heroes spot some Donphan , which are in love , though this makes Brock sad he does n't have anyone .
poke	Per Ash 's order , Corphish uses Crabhammer on Ash , allowing him to fly to Team Rocket 's balloon .
starwars	When employed , a stream of ionic energy generated by the Force would be unleashed upon the targeted mechanism and bore some similarity in appearance to Force lightning .
poke	Team Rocket walks away , as the fans got James ' bottle caps instead , so they realize that was not the real Juan .
poke	Shiftry blasts Team Rocket off , with Jessie 's Wobbuffet clapping and having a rose in its mouth .
muppet	A Stunt Cat , dressed as a dog , is featured in the All Dog Networks coverage on the making of Dog City Dog City , as seen in Episode 104 Dog episode 104 of The Jim Henson Hour . The stunt cat tries to underplay the conflict between cats and dogs , which is proven to be all too true when his canine co-stars have him endure several painful `` stunts '' for their own enjoyment .
starwars	A man was arrested and incarcerated for the murder , but an individual later discovered the nobleman 's son 's journal—the contents of which proved the alleged killer to be innocent .
muppet	Lovitt wrote for Dynamite magazine for several years and covered the making of The Dark Crystal for the December 1982 issue . He authored juvenile biographies of sports figures such as Michael Jordan , Michelle Kwan , Olympic gymnasts , and the St. Louis Rams . He wrote two Western Golden Book adaptations of Batman The Animated Series episodes and an assortment of storybooks , many for Readers Digest .
starwars	Lelli Hi was a female Nightsister who lived on the planet Dathomir during the time of the Galactic Civil War .
poke	May and Max see `` Norman '' and `` Caroline '' are not their parents and see their counterparts do not look anything like them .
starwars	For the purposes of this article , the former is treated as correct .
muppet	What the rap skits and the other skits I like need are more screenshots in great quality . Here are the following
starwars	Grizzer was brought outside by his owner , ARF trooper Hound , to search the area and track down Tano .
starwars	Meanwhile , a shamefaced Commodore Idel shoots himself in the head for his failure .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2329 , January 30 , 2011
starwars	He was last seen blasting out of the `` Jubilee Wheel '' docking bay during the attack by Han and his Ryn co-pilot , Droma .
poke	May admits she is hoping to enter a Contest and perform with Beautifly and win a ribbon .
poke	Brock , May and Max praise Treecko for mastering the attack , though Ash does not think so , as he and Pikachu got hurt .
poke	May thinks Manectric will be defeated , but Brock points out Manectric 's Charge powers up its electric-type moves , thinking Torkoal is in danger .
muppet	I want to clarify when you use the signature . Thats just for talk pages , like this one . Theres a talk page for every user and for every article -- you can see it by clicking the `` Discussion '' tab at the top of each page . When you post a message on a talk page , you should sign it , but you dont use it just for additions to an article . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1502 , 30 March 2006
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 0230 , January 17 , 2010
starwars	Ord Janon was an Outer Rim Territories planet located within the Spinward sector .
poke	Meowth reminds them if the boss were in a helicopter , the Bagon ( flying ) would open his coconut , and would give them promotions .
muppet	Hi ! Please provide a source that Lyrick Studios produced Sesame Street on video . Otherwise , well have to revert your edits . Thanks ! -- Max
muppet	A lot of the pictures are broken , but theres still some there that we dont have , and theres a lot of text that we could use . Kermitage is gone , but it would be cool if we could `` rescue '' some of the info and give it a home on the wiki . --
starwars	Following the death of Yaru Korsin that year , his daughter Nida Korsin ordered the entire Tribe to move to Tahv and made the capitol building the residence of the Grand Lord .
muppet	Before you continue , check out our Help section to familiarize yourself with the wiki , and let me know if you have any questions .
muppet	In 2016 , the Henson family donated more than 600 items to the museum , comprising toys , games , books , cassettes , and more . These items were previously housed at The Jim Henson Legacy in New York City . The Strong exhibited many of these items in a temporary exhibit called `` Muppets , Fraggles , and Beyond The Jim Henson Collection . ''
poke	Brock points out some of the Pokémon , including Pikachu , are sensing the hurricane is coming .
muppet	Spinney wrote a 2003 autobiography titled The Wisdom of Big Bird Lessons from a Life in Feathers . Caroll Spinney also wrote and illustrated How to Be a Grouch , a 1976 picture book that explains the world from Oscars point of view . Spinney also drew the Mr. Hoopers picture of Mr. Hooper that Big Bird drew after Mr. Hooper died , and designed one of his characters , Bruno the Trashman . His artwork was featured in a 2010/2011 exhibit at ToonSeum . A documentary about Spinney titled I Am Big Bird The Caroll Spinney I Am Big Bird premiered in 2014 .
muppet	Radice also wrote a song specifically for Being Elmo A Puppeteers Journey called `` Puppet Man '' , which was played over the credits .
muppet	Oh , and for the sake of completeness , I finally made a page for Songs from Sesame Street 2 , which was the second Disneyland cover album . --
poke	`` May '' advertises her autographs and `` Caroline '' sells badges with her and Norman 's face on it .
starwars	Echo Eight was the callsign of a Tauntaun patrol for the Alliance to Restore the Republic shortly before the Battle of Hoth .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the StoryTeller page .
muppet	They showed a Monotones song on Shalom Sesame , one of the first season episodes that Im going to write about in the coming days . Itzhak Perlman , when introducing the video , referred to Little Jerry as a `` she '' , and the song info at the bottom corner of the screen billed him as Little Jeri . Was the gender of this character ever ambiguous in the American production ? -- Zanimum 1511 , 28 June 2006
muppet	Also sounds like hes the magic book in the 3rd episode . Looks like the muppet wiki Little Muppet Monster credits are all from the 2nd episode ? Does this credit need to be vetted before we put it in ? -- User riverbottom
starwars	Members of Domino Squad were clones of the bounty hunter Jango Fett and born on Kamino .
poke	A psychic force affects Max 's glasses , Ash 's hat , Pikachu and other objects in the room , making them float in air .
starwars	Advanced stun ray
muppet	Hanukkah , also romanized as Chanukah , and sometimes known as the Festival of Lights , is an eight day Jewish holiday which may occur from late November to late December .
starwars	Kaliska also revealed the existence of a Jedi starship that was hidden within Tahv 's burial cairns .
muppet	Also , the transcript is incomplete . Of the 0337 appearance on the show SMbTBuRxE2Q } } , we only have the last 132 covered here . The first 205 of the appearance is not transcribed here . And I would say that the first part of the appearance is just the two plugging the special and wrapping up their appearance .
starwars	Service of the supposed Skyborn became the dominant facet of Keshiri life—many priests , such as Tilden Kaah , served as little more than personal servants to their gods .
starwars	Despite being outnumbered , Stele held of Zaarin 's fighters long enough for both the `` Mharsup '' and `` G'nabgib '' to escape into Hyperspace .
starwars	He and Lenso were instructed to fly over Echo Station 3-8 at low altitude and to expect trouble .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Torkoal uses Iron Defense , deflecting the attack .
starwars	As the dovin basals were independently grown , they were nursed separately and later grafted onto their host vessels .
poke	Skitty tries a Double Slap , but as a Normal-type attack , it does n't affect the Ghost-type Dusclops .
muppet	Faison has worked in television , film and commercials - potraying the young Malcolm X in the film `` Seven Songs for Malcolm X '' and appearing in the 1996 telefilm `` Rebound The Legend of Earl The Goat Manigault '' . Faison has also appeared in commercials for Pizza Hut , Chevy trucks and Mattel Toys .
muppet	Michael Jeter deserves better than this . The Sesame Workshop bio needs to be rewritten , and could use more details about his memorable roles , character names , etc . Also , how long did he appear as Mr. Noodles brother ? How did his portrayal compare or contrast with Bill Irwin ? The article refers vaguely to his Tony and Emmy award winning roles , but without character names . Who was the `` assistant coach '' on Evening Shade ? For more info on his career , the page includes links to the http//www.ibdb.com/person.asp ? ID=46970 Internet Broadway Database and http//www.imdb.com/name/nm0005052/ IMDb , but if anyone associates him with any particular roles outside of Sesame Street , feel free to mention them . The Wikipedia link can help with basic biographical info . It doesnt need to be all inclusive , but for a cast member as well as a celebrity , it needs beefing up . Graphic details about his disease and death are to be avoided , but some basic personal facts would help .
muppet	I just noticed that the back cover of Genius titles says `` Distributed by Genius Entertainment , a registered trademark of Genius Products , LLC . `` , and that the logo on the back cover also says `` Genius Entertainment '' . I think we should move the page , since this sounds like what we have for Sony Wonder . Its a division of Sony BMG Music Entertainment , and Sony Wonder is what the logo says . Thoughts ? --
starwars	This move placed the Herdessan shocktroopers under Lumiya 's command , and she immediately began to use them to establish a slave trade on the planet .
muppet	It says in this article that Gordon , Maria , and Linda eventually chose to believe that Snuffy was real even though they never saw him . However , it doesnt mention what led them to believe that he was real . After the sentence about believing in him , it mentions a time when Snuffy tried to talk to Linda , but didnt know that she was deaf . This makes it sound as if she chose to believe in him because he unsuccessfully tried to get her to hear him . I have read a post at Muppet Central that mentioend an episode where Big Bird got so upset over the others not believing in Snuffy that Maria just chose to believe him . I also know that in the episode where the adults finally saw Snuffy , Gordon mentioned something about him and a few others believing Big Bird before they saw him , but it would be good if somebody could explain the events that led them to believe in Mr. Snuffleupagus before they actually saw him . -- User Minor muppetz 1906 , 14 September 2006
starwars	Years after her time with the Crucible , she would still carry an immense amount of guilt of working with the Crucible despite her best efforts in helping the slaves .
muppet	Librarian of Congress Carla Hayden touted Sesame Street as a `` key part of our national educational , television and public broadcasting landscape '' , while Kathryn Ostrofsky called the archive `` a critical resource for studying and understanding so many facets of ... societal changes '' related to `` the pressing issues of the times , as well as changing views about education '' .
muppet	The Stegosaurus is a recurring Unisaur hand puppet used on Dinosaurs . The stegosaurus was used exclusively as a background character , usually silent . His most notable speaking role occurred in `` Episode 221 And The Winner And the Winner Is ... , '' as the government clerk present when the Chief Elder dies of a heart attack . The puppet also surfaces as a newsboy , and several times as a student at Bob LaBrea High School .
starwars	At first , the female helas deposited large numbers of eggs on the surface of a lake .
muppet	I made an entry on the The cast of All My letters . It was a parody of All My Children . Do you remember this sketch ? -- User600
muppet	Angela appeared in an assortment of TV movies in the eighties and nineties and occasionally had guest roles on other series . She played psychic Madame Xing in two episodes of Fresh Off the Boat , but has been busiest as a voice actress . Her voice credits include multiple recurring roles on Danny Phantom , The Wild Thornberrys , The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest , Kikis Delivery Service , The Walt Disney Disney book and tape sets , the video game Command
poke	Max thinks that Helping Hand would be illegal in battles , so he asks Brock for advice , but Brock is flirting with girls .
poke	Team Rocket wander underneath the battlefield and see the rods have turned to a direction above them .
poke	The older Calista states the younger one has already changed the future with her song and asks of her to remember the song about the Baltoy civilization .
muppet	Its all covered on the Berlin-page by now , including Kermits `` Dies ist ein kleiner Schritt für einen Frosch , aber ein großer Sprung für die Froschheit . ''
starwars	Around 20 BBY , two years into the war , the Jedi Temple hangar was the site of a shocking terrorist bombing that cost numerous lives , prompting Cin Drallig to keep an especially close watch on the Temple 's perimeter .
poke	As they pull Pikachu away , they cite the motto , but Meowth yells out what was the point of the disguises .
muppet	We have the same problem with The Muppet Christmas Carol not showing up in bold , because this template lists it as
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0158 , August 17 , 2010
starwars	But to Xesh 's surprise , Koda was able to channel her anger into activating the weapon , and Xesh soon realized that he had misjudged his opponet 's powers .
muppet	Just to let you know , the Dennis the Menace we know isnt http//www.toonopedia.com/dennisb.htm the one in Britain , that the Ff clothes are of . -- Zanimum 1954 , 11 March 2008
muppet	In December of 2018 , the initiative expanded its partnership to include the International Rescue Committee and the Bangladeshi relief organization BRAC , to aid Syrian and Rohingya children living as refugees in Lebanon , Jordan , Iraq , and Bangladesh . In addition to teaching basic concepts like letters and numbers , as well as countering the effects of stress and suffering with social and emotional development , the initiative provides materials for use in 500 planned play centers .
poke	Seviper comes to them , so James scolds it for messing up , but Seviper intimidates him , causing James to apologize .
muppet	Very cool ! Im very excited to see a Muppets Tonight guide up ! I just loaded a program on my computer to put my videos on my hardrive . Hopefully we can get a few more of those done . Again , that is utra ! Justin 0320 , May 14 , 2010
poke	The kid calms down , but someone knocks on the door again , with Team Rocket appearing before him and attacking him .
starwars	Because Solo was a Jedi , Capstan , a gambler , never played with her due to the intuitive powers most Jedi possessed .
muppet	The singer provides clues to the riddle over footage of nature shot all over the Earth , and out into the reaches of space . She explains that she is the rivers , the seas , the planets , the cardinal directions , and the seasons of the year . After adding that shes also `` the children ; every boy and girl , '' she reveals , `` I am the world . ''
poke	Cacnea stands up and uses Needle Arm , damaging Forretress and surprising the heroes .
starwars	They were made from infant Tauntauns .
poke	Roderick admits about 40 years ago , when he was a Coordinator , he nearly drowned in searching the Liechi Berries on the island .
poke	The Pokémon gulps Max , Ash and Brock 's food and even spits out Pikachu 's dish .
poke	Seeing May has her sight on Grand Festival , Kelly thinks May will become a Top Coordinator or an instructor , but May says she will travel with her Pokémon until she decides next .
poke	They hear something approaching and see Corphish and Torchic have arrived , so they join them .
muppet	Im not gon na say much about them right now , cause I want us to play with it a little and see how it works . Let me know what you think !
starwars	SH-2/a.Z shield reinforcement
poke	The next day , May practices with Beautifly , who uses Silver Wind combined with Tackle .
starwars	The construction of the Tulpaa Star Forge was carried out by the Tulpaa tribe , one of the most technologically advanced Rakatan societies following the collapse of the Infinite Empire .
starwars	However , Toedri is not known to have appeared on the video game 's live servers as a proper .
starwars	Hangar/Legends
poke	Adam goes to take the chest , but Meowth releases the missiles , which damage the ship .
muppet	Whatnot Workshop Opens Early After a soft opening on October 26 , The Muppet Whatnot Workshop has now officially opened at the FAO Schwarz Fifth Avenue location on the ground floor .
poke	Later , Ash fishes out a Corphish , even if it attacks Max first , by pinching him with Vice Grip .
muppet	Count It Higher Great Music Videos from Sesame Street is a 30-minute direct-to-video compilation originally released on VHS in 1988 as part of the My Sesame Street Home Video series . The title was reissued on VHS in 1995 under the same title and on DVD in 2005 simply as Count It Higher .
poke	May panics , since she wanted Ember to be used instead , but Max points out that even Skitty does not know which move will turn out .
muppet	Apart from Bear in the Big Blue House , Bear starred in the spin-off series , Breakfast with Bear , and appeared in several in the Big Blue House Stage stage shows . He has also made Bear in the Big Blue House various guest appearances on such shows as Hollywood Squares , The Wayne Brady Show , Donny
starwars	Moff Raythe tells Iden that her father will be proud .
poke	Max tells Ash he might be quite difficult to beat , but Ash tells him that he has some tricks and ideals of his own he would like to show .
muppet	`` Rockin Robin '' is performed by Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem in The Muppet Show Episode 510 Jean-Pierre episode 510 .
starwars	Although Draay had Miraluka blood through his mother , Draay was born with only physical sight like his full-blooded Human father , and without the Force sight of his mother .
poke	May recalls Aerial Ace is an unmissable attack , though Max comments Winona is using it for defense .
muppet	Hey , how does infinite block work ? Do you just enter the word `` infinite '' ? -- Scarecroe 2200 , 31 January 2006
poke	May decides to catch up by training for the Contest , so she begins by cleaning up her Poké Balls .
muppet	Grovers name in France , however , is unmodified in both co-productions .
poke	Birch takes them to a Golbat cave , but , at the end of the cave , they notice a wooden door .
muppet	Is that Caroll Spinney in the photo assisting Guy ? It looks more like it could be John Lovelady to me . -- -- User and Bert Jesse
starwars	During Leguizamo 's rehearsal for Koresh 's voicing , Favreau advised the voice actor to come across like a `` high status mob boss '' like from .
poke	Ash advises May should go alone , as he will find Brock and Max and reminds her there wo n't be another chance for May to get the last ribbon for Grand Festival .
starwars	He drew the attention of cult director , who considered both him and partner Baker for main roles in his 1981 movie `` Time Bandits '' , narrating the adventures of interstellar thieves of short height .
starwars	However , Dreypa was never able to contain or capture Muur within his oubliette .
starwars	Lorn was ultimately killed by Maul , who would in turn be defeated by then-Jedi Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi , when he cut the Sith Lord in half during the Duel in Theed .
poke	The heroes decide to stay for a while at the carnival , so they bring their Pokémon out .
muppet	Local content on the channel includes Zhima Jie , Zhima Jie Da Niao Kan Shijie and Fun Fun Elmo .
muppet	The Muppets and Line operated in similar early-1970s show-biz circles , and hence shared many of the same guest stars . Line panelists and guests included the following people who also have connections to the Muppets
poke	Meanwhile , Torchic and Corphish still battle , even kicking Pikachu and Mudkip for standing in their way .
starwars	When they denied his request , Xendor left the Order with his lover , Arden Lyn , and a number of other Jedi and built his academy anyway on Lettow .
muppet	The content youre adding is good , but Muppet Wiki should mean something more to you than just a junk drawer you stuff a handful of penny candy into and forget about .
muppet	Sesame Street Finding Out Encyclopedia 5 The EF Book is a Sesame Street book that focuses on words starting with the letters E and F .
poke	Team Rocket appears before them and Meowth suspects the twerps are after the meteorite .
poke	Team Rocket is pleased , so they plan to steal Pikachu , but Jessie thinks that the Wingull should be stolen as well , seeing it is quite cute ( though not as cute as her Wurmple ) .
poke	Tabitha and his grunts send Golbat and Mightyena , while Shelly and her team send Walrein and Crawdaunt .
muppet	The names Big Bird lists when he sings `` Whats Your Name Whats Your Name '' include two producers , the director , and five writers from Season 12 Season 12 `` Lisa Lisa , Jon Jon , or Dulcy Dulcy ; Emily Perl Emily or Ray Ray ; Judy Judy , Sara Sara , Norman Norman . ''
starwars	In battle , Kiro was deceptively quick and stealthy .
muppet	Hey , Scott ! I just now noticed youd redirected that article to Little Jerry and the Monotones as well
muppet	`` What Are You Gon na Be for Halloween ? '' is a Bear in the Big Blue House song sung by Bear in the Halloween-themed episode , `` Episode 305 Halloween Halloween Bear . '' Bear sing about all the different things you can be for Halloween—like a werewolf , a Martian with green nostrils , or a bat with brains gushing out of your ears .
poke	In the machine , Jessie and James complain about the air getting stale , so Meowth opens the windows .
poke	Also , she mentions that Clamperl who live around become Gorebyss at Island B and Huntail at Island C. Because of that , the people always argue who is better .
muppet	The Muppets The Reusable Sticker Book is a 2011 sticker activity book released as a tie-in for The Muppets The Muppets . The oversized paperback comes with four sheets of stickers with photographs of the Muppet characters and props . Each page has open spots to add the appropriate stickers .
starwars	Gungan Style
poke	? , colloquially known as Ten question marks or Decamark , is a Glitch Pokémon found in the Game Boy Advance `` Pokémon '' games .
muppet	Im sure that there were only Humans and Monsters in the Hey Cinderella ! party scene ? -- Warrick 0722 , 3 April 2006
poke	It was the first to go up against Ash 's Pidgeotto , and once the latter was defeated , Sandshrew goes up against Ash 's Butterfree .
muppet	Hey Ken -- I stumbled across http//cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll ? ViewItem
starwars	As a result , Korsin was Force-sensitive , and he went on to become a highly respected spacer , never losing a ship in his long career .
poke	When Kotick was unsuccessful , he instead purchased a controlling stake in LCI thus also becoming LCI 's CEO and Chairman in June 1990 .
muppet	When asked his opinion of the word `` Muppeteer , '' Frank Oz tweeted `` I have never liked it . It makes us sound like little elves . ''
muppet	I have the sprout on demand with Sesame Street on it . I may upload it soon , plus I have dvds of other seasons
poke	However , both Shawna and Ash are hungry , so Brock offers Shauna to join them .
poke	Taillow is defeated , so May thinks Max should study more , who is freaking out , as Pelipper should not use those attacks .
starwars	They became a native people of Tatooine in the third draft .
poke	The King appears , who warns them it will take a lot of skill , intelligence and luck to pass his challenges .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1851 , May 8 , 2009
starwars	Blue Team assembles their lightsaber hilts , qualifying them for the second trial .
starwars	His royal guards then helped carry Clovis to a bedroom .
poke	Seaking and Sealeo attack the obstacle with Hyper Beam and Aurora Beam and destroy it .
starwars	She was believed to have been the concubine of a member of the Falleen Royal family , having fallen in disfavor in more recent times ; or a famous actress of holofilms hiding from the jealous wife of another man .
muppet	Baa Baa Black Sheep is a nursery rhyme dating back to the Middle Ages that references a tax on wool imposed by the king of England . When the titular black sheep is asked if he has any wool , he responds that he has `` three bags full , '' one for each recipient of the tax money the master , dame , and little boy who lived down the lane representing , respectively , the local lord , the church , and the farmer .
muppet	Hi , Chris ... I love the Joe Mathieu pics you uploaded ! Where do they come from ? Scott
muppet	See also Muppet Puppeteers , Muppet Voice Actors , Crew Cameos
starwars	The trap was disarmed by the lightsaber 's wielder by a simple action , such as pressing down on a hidden sensor or twisting a knob .
poke	Brock realizes the place to be the Valley of Steel , the home for Steel-type Pokémon .
poke	May thinks they should stay to see Swablu healed up and going back to its family .
poke	However , James covers it with a blanket , with Meowth disguised as a Beautifly , confusing the heroes .
poke	However , a crack is spreading , causing everyone - including Team Rocket - to fall deeper into the hole .
starwars	Supreme Commander ( Yuuzhan Vong rank )
poke	Exploud gets angry and out of control , fleeing from the battlefield to destroy everything .
poke	James catches a Feebas and sees a man , the same man who sold a Magikarp to him .
starwars	Maj fled with his cadre of friends to the Outsider Citadel to escape any possible arrest , where he met Ephant Mon .
starwars	During the Battle of Mindor , he commanded the task force 's naval elements from the `` Justice '' .
poke	With three Pokémon left against Juan 's three , will Ash be able to win his final badge or will he be washed away with the tide ?
starwars	During the early Galactic Civil War , the Rebel Alliance considered basing themselves on Tynna , but chose Yavin 4 instead .
poke	Romeo approaches Juliet , who accidentally bumps into Romeo , who falls into the water , while Juliet dives in to search for Illumise .
muppet	Does anyone have thoughts ?
muppet	My name is maureen . I have a son with cerebral palsy.We have a hard time finding toys that Mic hael can play with due to his motor delays.Everytime someone puts something out on the market that he can use they discontinue it the following year.So if the toy breaks or malfunctions we can not replace it.I wish the maufacturers would take into concideration children with special needs when they design thier toys . Many children can not hold a pen but can touch a screen , and they have illiminated all of those types of toys.Yesterday his giggle gabber Elmos head fell off after many years of hours of joyful use.Now I cant find it anywhere.I know there was a problem with the lead scare in 2007 but someone must have one somewhere ? I know this is off the purpose of this page but I thought if someone read it they would be able to help me find the giggle gabber Elmo.My son has been in `` melt down mode '' since he broke.There arent many things that he can do that make him happy and this was one toy that he loved . So , if anyone could help me I would appreciate it . Sad mom .
muppet	Muppet designer Bonnie Erickson remembers , `` My mother used to live in North Dakota where Wikipedia Peggy Lee sang on the local radio station before she became a famous jazz singer . When I first created Miss Piggy I called her Miss Piggy Lee -- as both a joke and an homage . Peggy Lee was a very independent woman , and Piggy certainly is the same . But as Piggys fame began to grow , nobody wanted to upset Peggy Lee , especially because we admired her work . So , the Muppets name was shortened to Miss Piggy . ''
muppet	I used the beginning scene from your video , so that part is out of order with the audio . The audio is fine . Plus , I found out your `` SSMV Yellow Submarine '' video got blocked in the U.S. And however , which site did you get the Sesamstraat / Plaza Sésamo video source of your Yellow Submarine video before you started editing it , and I mean , starting at the closeup scene of the Pumpkin pilot ? Was the original file used to be on YouTube but removed or something ?
muppet	Miss Piggy Moi is thrilled by the dress Marc Jacobs designed for me . It ’ s elegant , whimsical , daring -- and it fits ! You see , Marc doesn ’ t just design for stick figure runway models . He knows that fashion is all about style and substance -- and moi has plenty of both .
poke	Ash 's Taillow scouts , finding Rico driving his vehicle with the captured Pokémon .
poke	Suddenly , the man comes and says she needs to decide carefully , since solid teamwork with Pokémon is essential to become victorious .
poke	A woman at the Pokémon Center has delivered some supplies and gives it to Chansey , as the heroes approach Nurse Joy .
starwars	During a morning training session with his fellow cadets , his nemesis Nazhros Oleg expressed that he thought he was a `` fraud '' and that he did n't believe his story regarding what happened in the incident in which `` Morgan '' and Kell escaped .
muppet	I know we might get someone who comes along wants to add their personal childhood favorite episode of `` Telly Plays With a Piece of String '' that they grew up watching over and over on VHS but is not really noteworthy , but I dont think that fear should prevent us from trying to create an `` Editors Choice '' list to highlight the cool episodes and interesting gems buried in our guide .
starwars	Between territorial disputes or a fight over a mate , the scuffle is ritualized and almost never fatal .
muppet	Not trying to sound demanding or bossy , just a suggestion .
poke	Katrina explains all the Poochyena hatched from eggs and evolved into Mightyena , except that one .
poke	Meanwhile , Brock and May are done with their shopping and decide to go to the museum .
muppet	`` My Favorite Stuff '' is a song from the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 407 Show and Show and Tell '' . Facing the dilemma of what to bring to Mouse School for his show and tell project the next day , Tutter begins to name a large variety of his `` favorite '' things , several of which elicit puzzled reactions from Bear .
poke	May breathes the air of the city as she , Brock , Max and Ash have been walking through forests for some time .
poke	Fortunately , Max , May , Elijah and Ash come with the movie film and the projector .
muppet	Thanks for taking care of the vandalism on the main page ! --
muppet	Gracie Hart , wearing a flamboyant , feathered Las Vegas costume `` You can do this , you know you can because you are Sam fuller F.B.I . Nothing and nobody scares you . And I am Gracie Hart and at this moment I am also Big Bird and nothing scares me except ... except loosing Cheryl , because having a friend like her and having any friend for me is a really really rare thing . Okay ? ''
starwars	Lanteeb
poke	Brock wonders about Sullivan having a plan from before , so he pulls out a Master Ball .
muppet	His name was also borrowed for Leonardo , one of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , in the eponymous Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the its sequel .
poke	Continuing their journey to Mauville City , Ash and co. are starting to get lost by heavy fog .
muppet	Vex is a small rodent-like creature native to Giantland in Jack and the Beanstalk The Real Story . He serves as a visual indication of the worlds change between barren and dead and prosperous and full of life .
starwars	Rowan is skeptical he will succeed because he can not see due to his hibernation sickness .
muppet	In her time with Baird , she starred in every production , including two that were written especially for her retellings of Pinocchio . Flexiton later produced The Hamptoons , which aired for two years on PLUM-TV . Her comedy short `` Loopy Sloop '' was an official selection at the KIDS FIRST ! Film
poke	However , Brock 's mask is nearly taken off , as Team Rocket wants to expose the Phantom for the rewards , promised by Mrs. Grimm .
poke	Julie offers them to stay in her home for the night and she 'll make them some food , but Brock proposes that he 'll cook , to which everyone supports him .
muppet	Feed Me Cookie Monster is a 2018 Sesame Street plush toy made by Hasbro , under the Playskool label . The plush Cookie Monster has a plastic cookie in his left hand , and when the cookie is placed in his mouth , he sings `` C is for Cookie C is for Cookie '' . When his belly is squeezed , his tummy rumbles . He also says several sound clips , including , `` Me love cookie ! `` , `` Oh , ya , thank you ! '' and `` One more cookie , please ! ''
poke	Before Kenny says something , Max spots a Vigoroth , as Norman keeps his Pokémon inside .
muppet	Jim and Jane Henson Creative Work , Creative Play was a 2017 exhibit at the Greenwich Historical Society in Cos Cob , CT . The exhibit focused on the Henson familys time in the neighboring town of Greenwich from 1964 to 1971 . There was also a focus on their creative work in that period , including their support in founding The Mead School , a private school in Stamford that emphasizes the arts , in 1969 .
muppet	Does anyone else think this could be a parody of `` They Call the Wind Maria '' ? - Oscarfan 0155 , January 10 , 2010
starwars	Because the system was the only one in the area , Progga came to the conclusion that Qennto had fled to this system because the smuggler had hidden a treasure hoard there , believing no one would find it .
starwars	Following the previous engagement over Ruusan , the Republic tried to retake the planet .
starwars	Taureg was an Imperial BFF-1 bulk freighter that carried water and left the container Psi 1 carrying grain in an Imperial supplies depot .
muppet	Thanks for the compliment as well . Monkeyjb1988 1825 , 21 August 2008
starwars	They dealt with standard regulations among the troopers .
muppet	Wiseman , Toughpigs deleted that page for a reason ; all Henson Alternative productions are not considered muppet productions , so each only get 1 page . You can reupload the Horny Aliens page on Henson Alternative Wiki http//henson-alternative.wikia.com/wiki/Henson_Alternative_Wiki . Rankin
muppet	The inside of Oscars trash can was depicted on-camera for the first time in The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland . Oscar has a door in his trash can to take people to Grouchland USA . Elmo enters in search of his blanket and later a rescue party follows suit Gordon , Maria , Telly Telly , Cookie Monster , Big Bird and Zoe . Big Bird in particular has a hard time fitting in the trash cans narrow opening .
muppet	Leroy has also appeared in illustrated cameos alongside his Muppet Musicians bandmates , including the first issue of Muppet King Arthur , and the 2019 The Muppet Christmas Carol The Illustrated Holiday picture book adaptation of The Muppet Christmas Carol .
poke	The fisherman tells Nero , who claimed the lake as its own for a 100 years , must have gotten the case when it sparkled by the sunlight .
poke	Team Rocket , in disguise , tells the last challenge is to jump 10 times around the rope .
muppet	The band is backed by `` a harem of gothic gyrators , the Cookies , who demonstrate such elemental concepts as up and down in a blaze of lights , smoke and pyrotechnic cookie shrapnel . ''
poke	Vito goes away , sad he did n't even greet his family , but promises the next time he comes back , his dreams will be achieved .
poke	Meowth thinks no Spinda will come to it , but unexpectedly , the heart-marked one appears near him .
poke	May welcomes it , though Drew points out it was for Beautifly , since May still has a lot to learn .
starwars	Used power fence generators in working order could run from 1,000 to 3,000 credits .
poke	Drew tells Coordinators with no ribbons will have a tough time and leaves , making May angry at him .
poke	Roxanne breaks the dispute and tries to convince the younger boy that he should n't be afraid of Pokémon .
starwars	Molavarans were a sentient species indigenous to Molavar .
starwars	Nas Ghent was a male Human and hotshot starfighter pilot who originally fought for the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars .
poke	Brock realizes , due to Corphish 's aggressive personality , it was attacking everything and everyone standing in its way .
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile , but Brock sends Ludicolo who counters with Razor Leaf .
muppet	Shouldnt we merge this with all the other letter segments ? User Webkinz Mania 1955 , 10 January 2009
starwars	According to the Treaty of Vontor , two or more offworlders had to serve as judges during a trial regarding a possible violation of the Treaty , because both the Klatooinians and the Hutts had vested interests in the conclusion of such a case .
starwars	Rasmal Desilijic Bansek
poke	Though 7g is obtainable via the Mew Glitch if you have a Pokemon with a special stat of 198 .
muppet	Every now and then , Pragt and Plagman shared the part in one episode their Tommie voices sounded almost alike . Martin left after the third season for a career in education and only had small parts in several other productions .
starwars	As opportunists , Gaava and Wiles took advantage of a pirate raid on the `` Colossus '' to salvage supplies from the `` Colossus '' marketplace .
starwars	Victory Without War was a campaign launched by Emperor Jagged Fel to peacefully spread Imperial influence , providing aid to people and planets ruined by the Yuuzhan Vong War .
muppet	M-Mouse it credits Snyder
starwars	Similarly , the former issue sees Carivus state that the mustachioed officer is in charge of the Empire 's fleets , while the latter has the officer reference his `` troops . ''
poke	They spot it left another badge , so Brock suspects it might give Ash one badge at a time .
poke	Ash and his Pokémon train concentration ; once the wave is about to strike , they run off and dodge the wave .
muppet	Do you have anything in your notes on these ?
poke	Meanwhile , in the tower , Team Rocket think it would be good to open a souvenir shop to get rich .
poke	Keith wants to know about Huntail and Nancy about Gorebyss , starting another argument .
muppet	Michael Earl . At 18 , he moved to New York City and acted in some TV commercials , as well as landing a puppeteering job working for his childhood idol , Bil Baird .
starwars	Once inside the complex , they must disable it .
poke	Oscar and Andi go away , leaving May and Ash angry , who yell out they are not a couple and are n't happy , either .
poke	Grace tells May luck , as well as the opponent , could also influence her chances of obtaining a ribbon .
poke	May is very happy to have won her second ribbon , while Max thinks this would made their parents proud .
muppet	I just started looking at the Farscape episodes . The episode list posted above is the same order as tv.com , but thats production order . Airdate order is a bit different
muppet	Hey all . You may have noticed that there are two new links in the sidebar with icons next to to them , Write an Article and Add Image . Theyre new links rolled out in the code today , but theres no way to disable them if you already know how to do those things . If you dont want to show them , heres what to do 1 ) create your own .css file if you havent already . Mine is at User/monaco.css . 2 ) Enter the following code
muppet	I dont see any evidence for 2009 as the starting point , though . He did the voice for stage shows starting then , but that seems more of a note than anything . 2014 seems to be the starting point for any notable performances as the actual Ernie Muppet . In fact thats how Sesame Workshop puts it `` Billy Barkhurst began working for Sesame Street in 2009 and transitioned to performing Ernie in 2014 . ''
starwars	However , because the Republic were far beneath the sea , the transmission to the Jedi Council was n't so strong and kept having interference .
starwars	The northern polar region of Telos was the location for the central hub of the planet 's world wide irrigation system .
poke	As Ash and May try to calm them down , Team Rocket arrives , and so do the Breloom , from whom the stole the apples .
muppet	Upon closer inspection , due to the faux dust and fading , one is able to make out what the sign `` used to '' say
starwars	During the First Great Schism , many of the Followers , including Arden Lyn , fell to the dark side and joined the Minions of Xendor .
starwars	Dezanti Zhug was a Duros male bounty hunter from Duro who was a leader of the Zhug brothers bounty hunter organization .
muppet	So thats all the interesting stuff I can think of . While Ive got my Wikia hat on , if theres anything I can tell you , let me know . Theres a lot going on right now , lots of good stuff percolating . --
starwars	She asked Krennic how the energy required for such a weapon would be stored after the successful destruction of the Hero Twins , him answering that that was n't her worry .
starwars	The two wrestle for the TIE pilot 's blaster , but the pilot 's armor gives him advantage and Luke 's blows do little damage .
poke	Ash tells Michelle the Pokémon will learn the attack sooner if both the trainer and Pokémon want to .
starwars	It is also possible that Kreia might have used this power during her adventures with Meetra Surik .
starwars	They were unique in that they they had an incredible healing mechanism which made them immune to the strikes of a lightsaber , as their bodies would quickly repair the wound .
poke	May notes the connection between those two , making Brock sad he does n't have a chance with Elisa .
starwars	In the aftermath of the events at Multycorp , the population of Vorzyd IV reevaluated their views on work .
poke	Jessie decides to come to get aboard , but James pulls her down , since Drake could blast them off easily .
muppet	The plot of the movie revolves around the old Muppet Theater going through financial hardship , and the entire Muppet cast looking towards Kermit the Frog for guidance . Kermit eventually gets fed up , and an angel is sent to help him out . The movie then follows the formula of Wikipedia a Wonderful Its a Wonderful Life , as Kermit is shown what would have happened to his friends if he had not existed . In the opposite world , evil developer Rachel Bitterman has changed the park near the Muppet Theater into a shopping center . Gonzo is now Gonzo ( alternate homeless , Dr. Teeth and his band have become Electric Mayhem ( alternate Irish dancers , and Rizzo the Rat is appearing on Rizzo the Rat ( alternate an episode of Fear Factor where a woman is meant to eat him alive .
starwars	1138 was created for George Lucas ' 1999 film , and was featured as both an animatronic model and a computer generated character .
poke	Ash and James run to a dead end and see Claydol , who is very angry , to the pair 's confusion .
starwars	A dinner gong was a gong that was struck by a cook to announce the readiness of nightmeal .
muppet	Heres the video ... http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ad8mimyADcU it appears at 016
poke	Ash goes to have Pikachu use Quick Attack and Brock and May are to send their Pokémon .
muppet	Id say add a general note on the character category to editors That way we can avoid `` Baby Snowths '' pages and so on .
poke	Inside the drums , Vileplume and Roselia use Aromatherapy to heal Seviper 's status condition .
starwars	Obi-Wan , meanwhile , learns Anakin is responsible for Padmé 's pregnancy .
muppet	Previously , Maria and David had been seen as a couple . Both Street Gang and Sesame Street A Celebration - 40 Years of Life on the Street give different explanations as to why Luis was chosen over David . According to 40 Years , David was considered to marry Maria first but , Northern Calloway declined so he could obtain treatment for a long-standing and debilitating illness ,
poke	While walking on the beach , Ash sees he should n't have forced Treecko to fight .
poke	May hugs Max , being afraid what might 've happened to him , while Ash advises Max to stay closer to his sister .
poke	However , Max explains it is quite cold , so he gives some of Brock 's soup to Ralts .
poke	Eventually , they arrive to the greenhouse close to the Pokémon Aromatherapy Laboratory , where Skitty should recover .
poke	Corphish goes as well , but Brock asks him to do a favor , to one romantic loser to another .
poke	However , Jessie uses a smoke ball , so James and Meowth appear to her as well .
starwars	Ship of the line
poke	Officer Jenny points out they must evacuate and decides to take the heroes to a place , where they can rest .
muppet	Its in the canteen where a number of characters croak from food poisoning in Episode 414 Liza episode 414 and where Fozzie Fozzie thinks he can escape the creepiness of Alice Cooper in Episode 307 Alice episode 307 with a small group of seemingly clean cut kids .
muppet	Released February 15 , 2014
starwars	Serving the Republic during the Battle of Malastare Narrows , he was given an admiral 's commission in the Republic Navy following the outbreak of the Clone Wars , assigned to Jedi General Anakin Skywalker .
poke	Team Rocket is spying on the gym battle and they decide to dig a hole to steal Pikachu and Magcargo .
poke	When they have blasted off , Jessie used a parachute , while Meowth an umbrella to land safely .
starwars	However , Draay 's memory of his father helped him reject the Sith destiny Haazen had planned for him , and let go of his hatred of Carrick to work together with him to foil Haazen 's plans .
muppet	Im okay with grouping the 2nd and 3rd types together , but do folks think a third distinction would be worthwhile ?
poke	Bulbasaur wants one , and when May asks for the cookie , Harley and Cacturne have gone off .
poke	Dustox uses Psybeam , Seviper attacks with Poison Tail and Cacnea strikes using Needle Arm , but Pikachu , Combusken and Ludicolo stand guard to intercept the attacks .
muppet	I just followed a link here from an old forum post . The history shows that the page never had any content , but did it exist ? I found this http//www.laughingplace.com/News-ID115390.asp here
starwars	The Bakura Imperial Prison was a detention center orbiting the Outer Rim planet of Bakura .
starwars	But just as they pulled of the rescue , the planet was nuked by Cassus Fett to eliminate the outbreak .
starwars	The Host has a number of goals : acquisition of Rakatan technology such as the powerful Aurora Cannon , recruitment from those imprisoned there , and securing the formidable HK-51 series assassin droids that their apprentice once tried to use to free the Sith Lords decades ago .
muppet	Whenever I click the topmost links to my userpage , I get sent to the wikis main page instead . Could someone please fix this mistake soon ? I bet a lot of users are having the same problem ... Ingeborg 0459 , 17 July 2007
starwars	The warehouse catered to the needs of the local scouts and explorers , and casual visitors were discouraged from entering by a group of Rodian guards employed by Rayne , but any being who identified Rayne was allowed to enter .
starwars	Teska was also featured in the Nintendo DS edition of `` Republic Heroes '' , developed by Lucasfilm Animation Singapore .
muppet	Did any text accompany this image at the exhibit , or just the label ? I ask because , confusingly , this is a still from Inner Tube , from a scene in which Crasher bursts into the room of an elderly couple
poke	The other Shroomish come to it , so Brock suspects that Shroomish must have gotten into the mansion , with the forest being cut down .
starwars	This resulted in hundreds of thousands of civilian casualties as the toxins seeped into much of the planet 's water tables and ecosystems .
starwars	After the wars , he became a smuggler .
starwars	Shadow Squadron eventually emerged from the nebula , arriving at the medcenter shortly before the `` Malevolence '' emerged from hyperspace nearby in the system .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1743 , February 27 , 2010
poke	Slugma start using Flamethrower , so Brock points out they have to get out fast .
starwars	These officers interpret body language and facial expressions to determine if the other members of the delegation were lying .
muppet	On a related note , we appreciate your interest in image galleries , but not every page needs one . Feel free to continue adding to Character images with a blank background and other established gallery pages as you see fit , but there are many pages that were not initially formatted to feature galleries , and adding a gallery for the sake of adding one isnt always useful . Please leave a response so I know youve read and understand this message . Thanks !
muppet	I see in the page history that there has been some disagreement over whether this character is Mr. Moogie or Mr. Mookie . User 23456789 just added this screen shot which suggests that it should , in fact , be Mr. Moogie . Is there some similar evidence for `` Mr. Mookie '' ? Or shall we rename it ? --
poke	Brock is aware Taillow are territorial and even scare off all other Pokémon - Max realizes that is why they did not see any other Pokémon around .
starwars	In `` '' , Miller was particularly pleased with Ching 's ability to recreate the panel layout from issues # 1 and # 2—the depiction of Carrick 's discovery of the Padawan Massacre .
starwars	She possessed gray skin and red eyes .
poke	Pikachu proceeds to use Quick Attack , and while it fails , Pikachu manages to destroy Reflect .
poke	Once the heroes came to the receptionist , she replies there are no more places to participate .
starwars	Thanks to Belkan 's information , the hero was able to enter the Temple and recover the computer from the Sith forces within .
starwars	For weaponry , he secured a Mandalorian blaster carbine in addition to a familiar LL-30 blaster pistol , along with holsters to carry both .
starwars	Carla Tessara
muppet	WO No , excuse me Miss Piggy . Kashrut means special dietary rules that are described in the Bible . It comes from the word kosher which means fit , or proper .
poke	Team Rocket got lost in the greenhouse , but find the twerps talking , so Meowth plans to steal Slakoth , Vigoroth and Slaking .
poke	Max is happy he 'll eat mom 's food and as Kenny sighs , May notices something is wrong .
starwars	185 .
muppet	The theme of the event that night was based on Argentina and carnival , with many carnival games set up around the closed off street and featured plush Muppets as prizes .
muppet	Ask Kermit All About Food is a childrens book featuring Kermit the Frog .
starwars	If it was a lightwhip then it would come under another category , even if it used vibro technology at all .
starwars	Anakin Skywalker 's fall from grace affected his former master 's view of the prophecy .
starwars	The first began on February 28th and added the 5 star cards Luke Skywalker ( jedi hermit ) and Supreme Leader Snoke .
starwars	If one of the alarms is activated by a guard , a cinematic of Katarn sitting in a cell as an interrogation droid enters is played , after which the player is informed that Katarn has been captured and he or she must restart , load a previously saved game , or quit the game .
muppet	And second ... does anyone on the entire wiki other than Scarecroe have any recorded season 2 and 3 episodes of `` The Animal Show '' or at least remember the original airdates of the episodes ?
starwars	During the Yinchorri Uprising of 33 BBY , the Human male Jedi Knight Soon Bayts was tasked with keeping track of the Jedi strike teams sent to the Yinchorri system .
starwars	Though it was an outpost of the violent Rakata during the Pre-Republic era , during its recorded history , the planet has had no local wars .
muppet	Lets Make a Friend ! is a 2016 Sesame Street storybook . Elmo appears on Guy Guy Smileys new game show , where his challenge is to make friends with someone on the panel Oscar the Grouch , Cookie Monster or Abby Cadabby .
starwars	However , the rebels managed to destroy their Imperial pursuers and dumped their bus in a quarry before disappearing into the night .
muppet	Hey , I saw your edits to John Barrowman and that brings up a point . Many of the actor pages
starwars	Females , on the other hand , embraced communal living initially by forming a flock with their sisters .
muppet	Now that Sesames YouTube page has formally posted this video , Id like to revisit a past question about referencing Mr. W.C. Fields . Original thread here . )
muppet	I recall from Talk Street Monsters by previous Talk Piggy without discussions that we had years back , that our lists should have an interesting point behind them , and not just be a list for listing sake .
poke	In the locker room , May begins to blame herself for the loss , even if she worked hard with Beautifly .
poke	May is impressed Milotic defeated Team Rocket with one attack , while the audience is amazed by it .
poke	He also told he was their friend , which caused their mother , Caroline , to give him a dinner .
poke	Steven is pleased with the discovery , knowing it can be used to evolve certain Pokémon .
poke	Once everyone wakes up May and Alanna laugh once more , while others are getting their marks off .
starwars	Datch 's actions at the Battle of Hoth were later expanded and first visually represented in the 1998 video game .
muppet	The song is a parody of the Talking Heads song `` Wikipedia She And She Was . ''
muppet	We know that one 45 was made from this LP . Does anybody know of any others ? If you have any info or scans , please go to the Sesame Street singles page . Thanks ! --
poke	Team Rocket are following the twerps , loving the fact that the twerps are foiling ambushes , making their job easier .
muppet	Elmo Awww , hes so cute ! Hes 2 1/2 , bday on 3 Feb
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1815 , September 5 , 2010
starwars	Pillio was first mentioned in the 2017 junior novel `` The Legends of Luke Skywalker '' .
starwars	Like most of her species , Atuarre typically wore no clothes outside of a utility belt around her waist .
muppet	They appeared again as part of the `` Scarborough Fair '' number in Episode 511 Paul episode 511 , and later in framing material for the Muppet Treasures video release .
starwars	This was the first time Fett had been made a squad commander .
poke	Tommy explains the passengers of the ship have abandoned the ship , which crashed , and the coast guard decided to left it as it is .
muppet	P.S . -- - Whenever this is up and running I think it might be a good idea to A . ) include it the welcome message , B . ) possibly have it display automatically when anyone whos new to the Wiki goes to edit something . I mean , not the page itself , but a link to it .
starwars	Jinn later confided what Dooku did to Rael Averross , though at the time , Averross expressed that he was not all too concerned regarding his former master 's conduct .
poke	Treecko attacks Seviper , making Jessie annoyed , who orders Seviper to use its power .
muppet	It seems likely that `` Pi-zhay '' is a tip of the hat to Star Trek The Next Generation
poke	Even during the battle , Ash and May bicker at each other , causing them to lose .
muppet	In The Muppet Show Episode 404 Dyan episode 404 , a wig is left in Dyan Cannons Guest Stars Dressing dressing room . Kermit the Frog calls on the guest star to make sure the wig is alright . As Cannon claims shes not wearing a wig , Kermit directs her attention to the pet wig in a nearby cage . He explains that it belongs to Smiling Jim Sepulveda and His Tapdancing Toupées and that it feeds on table scraps . Cannon clears off the table in front of her , breaks of a piece of the tabletop , and feeds it to the wig . The wig doesnt speak or make any familiar pet-like noises , but it has a set of razor-sharp teeth which make up its only features besides its mane of hair .
muppet	The puppet had previously been used as Buster and Colfax Bergman in Episode 105 Cindy episode 105 .
muppet	Kitchen Catastrophes The Muppets cook up chaos in the new web-series The Muppets Kitchen with Cat Cora .
poke	May sees they have to do something , while Ash and Pikachu help Venusaur get back on its feet .
starwars	While at the castle , Rey uncovered Skywalker 's lightsaber , which called out to her in the Force .
starwars	The game 's manual added a number of names and details not spelled out in the game itself .
muppet	Hi , youve been adding some really nice toy pictures today . Thanks ! --
muppet	Re Thread158014 . Scott message me )
starwars	Without their leader , the Pius Dea faith crumbled after their defeat at Uquine .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt and Lombre and Mudkip attack with Water Gun , but with a little difference .
poke	Despite the battle being canceled , Vicky lets Ash be the winner of this battle .
muppet	Jerry Nelson became part of Sesame Street during the Season 2 second season . In this season alone he was given a variety of new characters , including Herbert Birdsfoot , Sherlock Hemlock , Herry Monster , the Amazing Mumford , Little Jerry , Simon Soundman , and Farley . In 1972 , he created the role of Count von Count , who is perhaps his best-known character . Another well-known character who Nelson performed was Big Birds best friend , Mr. Snuffleupagus . However , most sources . In a 2009 interview Jerry Nelson gave a different explanation for giving up the role `` I was not loath to give that character up . But the reasons for giving it up were because at that time we were doing The Muppet Show and he was a real part of the show , and they needed his presence . So they asked if I ’ d mind giving it up . ''
starwars	Once on Lothal , Jarrus explained that he did not want to abandon Bridger as a student , but simply doubted his own abilities to teach the boy .
starwars	Czerka 's Czerka Secret Weapons Division 7 in the Dune Sea of Tatooine also dug up a Rakatan Mind prison that contained the Imprisoned One , who used nanotechnology to turn all the employees into mindless drones .
poke	Max tries to lift a metal Poké Ball , but with no success ; a trainer tells him it weighs 30 pounds , which would improve his skill of throwing Poké Balls .
starwars	No other spy network in the galaxy could claim the level and expansion of Bothan Spynet ; the Spynet consisted of thousands of spies , informants and data collection droids that fed into a centralized command structure .
starwars	Most of the New Republic 's T-85 X-wing fleet was atomized when the First Order destroyed the Hosnian system in 34 ABY .
starwars	Shortly thereafter , two police officers on Level 1315 spotted an explosion at a warehouse .
muppet	`` Yes , We Can '' is a song led by Architect Doozer during the Doozers helmet ceremony in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 208 All Work and All All Work and All Play . '' The Doozers answer questions set forth by the Architect , affirming that they do everything Doozers are supposed to do , like dreaming of chores and `` monkeying '' with a wrench . After the young Doozers keep their vows , the Architect has the older ones renew theirs .
poke	Drew explains why Ash lost : both the trainer and the Pokémon have to be on the same wavelength ; Ash 's Taillow was confused as its trainer was , but the main part was to have teamwork .
starwars	In `` '' , TIE fighters possessed proton torpedoes for the sake of balancing the two sides .
muppet	Ross son Ben is watching Sesame Street with Phoebe . The clip on the television is of Ernie and Bert Sketches Ernie burying Bert in the sand .
starwars	Protocol droid I-5YQ—not occupied with his work at the Republic Mobile Surgical Unit 7 on the planet Drongar—thought about using his free cognitive module in solving the theory .
muppet	Does anybody know where this picture of Richard performing Scooter is from ? I found it on The Muppet Mindset , but it doesnt describe the picture on http//themuppetmindset.blogspot.com/2010/10/weekly-muppeteer-wednesdays-richard.html the blog or the image title either . MuppetHelper 0710 , January 29 , 2011
poke	As Ash and Captain Stern watch the helicopter flying away , Stern sees Team Magma is quite organized , for a criminal organization .
muppet	Should the Multimuppet be added to the list of Anything Muppets
poke	The boys are getting relentless , but Ash and all his Pokémon are worn out from those battles .
starwars	This made them similar to a villip-choir field but used instead to send and receive bioluminescent holographic images over vast distances .
poke	As Jenny leaves , Max wonders if the man knows about the security so that he might plan where to meet up with the others .
poke	Brawly is quite impressed by Ash 's tactics , seeing Ash balanced offense and defense quite well .
starwars	The character was later identified in the `` Theed Palace Limited '' set of the `` Star Wars '' Customizable Card Game .
starwars	Afterwards , they attempted to lay claim to other planets that did belong to them .
poke	Cacturne pops the bubbles with Poison Sting , and to finish , Cacturne attacks Azurill with Bullet Seed , defeating it .
starwars	On their search for Lumiya , they were summoned by detectives to examine Tresina Lobi 's corpse in Fellowship Plaza , where she learned that Skywalker had told Lobi to watch over Ben and Jacen without her knowledge .
starwars	Harsh sentences to be served in the notorious , overcrowded prisons were meted out by Teda at his easily angered whim ; many even in the army , whose families knew firsthand the misery and poverty outside the wall , would probably desert .
poke	Team Rocket comes to their senses and start yelling Spinda , but are soon asleep due to its Hypnosis .
muppet	A String Quartet performed the piece in Episode 513 Tony episode 513 with some flair , mostly consisting of sadistic advances upon each other . This led to the quartet performing the piece in quiet chaos amongst a roaring fire , which they caused . They were so bad , even for the standards of The Muppet Show , that Kermit the Kermit instructed Scooter to take them outside and lock the The Stage door .
starwars	Moje
muppet	On November 6 , 1987 , the Muppets joined Ted Koppel as guest hosts for ABC News Special Wall Street and the Economy , following the event known as wikipedia Monday Black Monday .
poke	Brock sends Forretress , whose Rapid Spin prevents the spores from entering the town .
starwars	In exchange for the navicomputer module that contained the coordinates for the asteroid , Bornan paid with a time-locked case filled with credits .
poke	The effect is that unless the player has lengthened their name using a cheat device , any name the player uses will result in at least one entry on the wild list for a level 0 'M ( codice_5 ) .
muppet	So , no real changes , just organizing . Hopefully its all just as easy to find ; Im sure Im not done yet . Theres still a distinction to make , I think , between the `` project '' pages and the `` policy '' pages that are left now in the Muppet Wiki namespace . And then , theres some re-writing to do . The FAQ for starters , so that its more approachable and easily branches out to the other policy pages . All of this would be accessible from Special which is what Wikia is pushing as a landing page for all this sort of stuff .
poke	Harley claims he will win , but May promises she will not lose to the likes of him .
poke	Millie shows them the actual card and jumps to a tower , confusing Bart , who wonders why she would take the data .
poke	Ash and Pikachu take a break , while Brock discusses Roxanne 's Geodude , with its high level , would still prove a tough battle , even if Pikachu mastered Iron Tail .
poke	The heroes search for Exploud , Guy fears Exploud does not want him as a trainer .
poke	Elsewhere , Oak knows Team Rocket did not just wander off so easily in a giant Skiploom and notices something behind the waterfall .
muppet	In the multi-media realm , Shemin scripted two 1996 video games , Muppets Inside and Muppet Treasure Island ( video Muppet Treasure Island , as well as MuppetWorld.coms MuppeToon series . Song lyrics include the `` Muppets Party Muppets Party Cruise Rag '' . '' In the publishing realm , he helped Miss Piggy with her 1996 cookbook , In the Kitchen with Miss Piggy , coined the title for One Frog Can Make a Difference , and contributed humorous text and character quotes to The Muppets Big Book of Crafts . He also wrote material for countless Muppet press interviews and appearances , and text for innumerable licensed products , such as the Action Palisades action figures . In 2001 , he hosted the second day of MuppetFest , and with Jim Lewis , co-wrote The Muppet Show Live .
muppet	We recently changed MediaWiki to change the text on the `` view source '' button , which is what people see instead of the edit button when a page is protected . Anonymous users see that all the time instead of an edit button , so when we moved to Monaco , we changed the text to say `` log in to edit '' . That way , anons get a clear message about why they cant edit the pages .
poke	Max hears Ralts , who wants to promise him that he 'll get it back , and the former will be glad to .
poke	Grovyle starts with Bullet Seed , but Luvdisc 's speed makes it miss and Luvdisc uses Water Pulse .
starwars	It had telescopic arms and legs , and an extendable torso and neck to fit into any size cockpit .
starwars	`` The Official Star Wars Fact File '' Part 20 is the twentieth issue in the revised run of `` The Official Star Wars Fact File '' remake series , released in 2014 .
starwars	An agile hunter that sacrificed bone mass for speed , a kick from Amidala knocked it down , weakening its tender body greatly .
starwars	Dorvan declined , stating jokingly that if he was in a higher position he would have people under him , which was not to his liking .
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail to negate Magical Leaf that Roselia used and attacks the latter , but Wynaut used Counter to reflect the attack back on Seviper .
starwars	Sensing Gaerel 's growing fatigue , Nereus revealed that he had inoculated Olabian Trichoid larvae into her meal with Skywalker as part of a plot to infect the Ssi-ruuk .
muppet	Other forms of media rely on , or prominently feature , a narrator by the nature of their structure . Most Muppet and audio stories have featured the characters themselves as narrators often Kermit or Big Bird ) , directly addressing the listener . Others use a voice-over narrator who doesnt interact with the cast or story .
starwars	He was stationed at the Republic Judiciary Central Detention Center in Galactic City on Coruscant .
muppet	okay . its just that Muppet Wiki use policy made it seem like there are a lot more rules and quirks that are required for uploading stuff in order to fit the fair use laws and be allowable here . but now i see that the list is just set a rules of thumb , and a lot of those guide arent really followed real closely all the time here 13,09,07,12 1835 , 2 November 2007
poke	Max thinks that the technicians , who repaired the machine , have messed it up .
muppet	`` Also sprach Zarathustra '' is a tone poem by Richard Strauss , composed in 1896 and inspired by Friedrich Nietzsches philosophical treatise of the same name . The piece was famously used in Stanley Kubricks film 2001 A Space Odyssey , and has been musically quoted in various Muppet productions .
muppet	I was dreading coming back to clean up all that SS episode mess after my shower . You
muppet	The radio soundtrack was used on Sam and Friends with Kermit the Frog as two cowboys who are having a little trouble getting off their Muppet horses . Typical Bob and Ray dialogue ensues `` Wish I could help you but Im facing the wrong way . ''
starwars	Lord Chanigresh was first added to the video game `` '' as part of the Digital Expansion `` '' , which added Conquest Commanders to most of the dual-faction worlds .
poke	A girl appears and sees her Igglybuff , bot Spoink goes away , making the girl cry .
poke	Birch gives May a frisbee , who tosses it for Beautifly to spin it around for while .
starwars	Star Wars Helmet Collection 47
muppet	Segel had previously appeared on Unscripted with Kristen Bell on April 11 , 2008 . She asked him if he could cast himself in any past series , what would it be . Segel answers The Muppet Show and shares an anecdote about Episode 219 Peter the Peter Sellers episode .
poke	The president admits he sometimes get out of the office to find some inspiration , as he guides Max on a tour through the headquarters .
muppet	The first issue was scheduled for release on December 23 , 2009 but has subsequently been delayed .
muppet	Zsa Zsa Porkmustard competes in the Miss Galaxy Pageant on Episode 101 Science episode 101 of The Jim Henson Hour . She represents the planet Koozebane , and speaks in a warbled abstract tongue . Instead of singing a song , she excretes ammonia while setting fire to her nose .
starwars	On their homeworld , Needan , the Geelan originally lived in cities in the tropical forests of the planet .
muppet	Neal Boortz , Jr. is an American radio host , author and political commentator . He is the host of the syndicated talk show , The Neal Boortz Show , a politically slanted radio talk show .
muppet	Puppeteers Dave Goelz , Steve Whitmire , and Karen Prell talk in detail about the art of `` right-handing '' in Fraggle Rock Season One Interviews with Fraggle Rock Creators
poke	Jessie and James started arguing with each other , despite Meowth telling them to focus on the battle .
poke	Joshua reminds them they need to register , so Erica and May promise each other to battle in the Contest .
muppet	Oh my God , I love it ! Excellent work ! - Oscarfan 0100 , December 24 , 2010
muppet	The Season 3 crawl is from an episode brought to you by G , N and 6 , which , going by the cycle I posted in Talk 0355 , must be Episode 0280 . Well have to check the others , even though I think some of them didnt include the sponsors at all .
starwars	The related information that was to be published in the article is outlined below .
poke	The last part is that the Pokémon must go with full speed to attack the opponent , so Pidgeotto destroys one of the targets .
starwars	At some point during or following the year 4 ABY , Harsh lived on the world of Otunia within his sector , and there he survived following the Empire 's catastrophic defeat at the Battle of Endor , which saw the death of Palpatine .
poke	The heroes runsto the nearest Pokémon Center , but they encounter a man ( James in disguise ) , who tells them that they found his Ralts .
starwars	It was particularly popular with Trandoshan mercenaries , and it was found in the armory of the Jedi Praxeum .
starwars	Now out on their own , Chewie and Han went on several missions in the early years of the war .
muppet	Canadian scriptwriter Barry Authors wrote the screenplay for Mee-Shee after reading about the Ogopogo in a magazine .
poke	Team Rocket is angry their meal is foiled , but the heroes greet them , so they shut the door .
poke	Combusken holds Grumpig and uses Fire Spin on the floor , making them descend easily down .
starwars	Sending the man to sleep with the Force , and remembering Kenobi 's earlier expression of hatred toward Savrips , Jinn set his Padawan on the swoop bike to the Bold plant instead , while he followed the Savrip tribe , headed in the other direction , on the landspeeder .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 0423 , 26 February 2006
muppet	A Wild Irish Rose emerges in Episode 301 Kris Kristofferson
starwars	In the 2005 movie , the location of the Palace Courtyard was modified .
poke	Per the president 's request , Kennedy goes off to find Ash , May and Brock and bring them to the headquarters .
muppet	I didnt immediately find it under ASCAP or BMI , but then again sometimes I have trouble navigating those .
poke	Tate and Liza tell Ash he can have Pikachu electrocute the robot , since Lunatone and Solrock are protected in the cages Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , damaging the machine and setting Solrock and Lunatone free .
starwars	On Balmorra , Sing ran into Jango Fett while hunting Rigorra the Hutt .
starwars	While clearing a section of the planet of jungle and hostile wildlife , the Human Odile Vaiken fought and slew a modern terentatek .
muppet	Hey , I dont know if youve been paying much attention to the talk pages lately , but if youre at all interested or have an opinion on the organization there , feel free to post . Otherwise Im pretty much okay with it
poke	His Clamperl does not evolve , either , so Keith sends his Clamperl to Pokémon Center , per Birch 's advice .
muppet	Victor Yerrid is best known in the Muppet world for his work on the movies.com online series , From the Statler
starwars	The shot of the Alliance fleet in which two DP20s appear seems to have been based on a very similar shot from the `` Star Wars '' Legends video game `` '' .
muppet	Gimleys Boss is the unctuous supervisor of sales rep Gimley in the Muppet Meeting Muppet Meeting Film `` How to Sell . '' Possessing a voice patterned after radio actor Wikipedia Nelson Frank Nelson , complete with elongated `` Yeeeesss ? `` , the boss puts Gimley through his paces , expecting him to demonstrate a variety of sales techniques . However , the boss doesnt realize the importance of knowing your customer .
muppet	Yo , yo . Do you know what episode this is ? It looks like Grover is holding a phone .
starwars	The loss was a blow to Cambriel 's reputation , but one that he gladly accepted under the circumstances .
muppet	Dean , the headers should be Edits , not CTS Edits . --
starwars	At the same time ! ''
poke	Pikachu and Snorunt jump on the ice boulders ; Pikachu uses Iron Tail and Snorunt attacks with Headbutt .
starwars	The loss of her inertial compensator caused Jesmin to black out due to excessive G-forces ; she was unable therefore to recover her fighter or eject before it impacted , killing her .
poke	May realizes that her ribbons are proof how well her Pokémon did in their Contests .
muppet	The pig had previously been seen as the patient in the Veterinarians Hospital sketch from Episode 213 Rudolf episode 213 , as an Arctic pig singing `` Lullaby of Broadway '' in Episode 304 Gilda episode 304 , as a naked , pigpen-confined piglet in `` Barnyard Boogie '' from Episode 504 Shirley episode 504 , and later in Episode 519 Chris episode 519 as one of two luau pigs who sing backup on `` Hawaiian Cowboy '' .
muppet	Hi . While I appreciate your efforts in cleaning up , I think youre going a little overboard on the image uploads , particularly re-uploads . Oscarfan has many of those covered , and he often has a keen eye
poke	Cacnea attacks with Pin Missile while Dustox uses Whirlwind , which deflects the attack on Ash , James , Seviper , Skitty and Corphish .
poke	Swellow missed the target and used Aerial Ace on Team Rocket , blasting them off .
muppet	A Joey Mazzarino character says it in Episode 4144 . Parking here until I can dig out the deets . Scott message me )
muppet	Also , we have Hiram and Burt , which says theyre caricatures of Clement and McKenzie . Whether specifically of them on the show , or just in their performances which led to the show of the same name , it would qualify for a page . So if anyone is a fan and can figure out how to write that up , feel free .
muppet	From the book Sesame Street Unpaved Sesame Street Unpaved `` From several possible designs of the character , I picked the one that had a face like Carol Channing , says Fran Brill . I wanted her to be obviously female with jewelry and barrettes in her hair . Someone suggested we call her Frann since thats my nickname . But I didnt want a Muppet with my name , so I thought of the J.D . Salinger book Franny and Zooey , and suggested Zoe , which seemed to be just right . ''
muppet	The first step of the campaign — a gossip item about Miss Piggy breaking up with Kermit the Kermit — was published by People magazine in the May 14th , 1990 issue .
poke	After some time , everybody is on the deck , so Nurse Joy advises Romeo and Juliet to come to the Pokémon Center to have their Pokémon go through a check up .
poke	Dustox uses Tackle ( and spreads the glitter ) , but Beautifly dodges the attack .
starwars	The Cyberlegs Mod II was first mentioned in the released by Fantasy Flight Games in 2013 and written by Sterling Hershey .
starwars	However , Skywalker interrupted the transmission when Domina appeared and told him that the Order was ready to make a decision .
muppet	Hey , Wes ! I didnt know if you knew that we have a whole page for Avenue Q. I moved your reference from Minor Music Mentions to the shows page . If you can think of any other Muppet references they used , please add them ! --
starwars	However , the `` Millennium Falcon '' arrived , destroyed a squadron of TIEs and a turbolaser emplacement , which created a gap big enough for all the ships to escape .
poke	Flannery approaches Ash , congratulating him for the victory , pointing it was a great battle and gives him the Heat Badge .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1737 , 26 February 2006
starwars	After suggesting for a heavily modified starfighter , Sidious agreed to the bounty hunters demands .
poke	Just then , everyone falls into a hole , causing Team Rocket to appear soon after .
starwars	She reasons that they have to fight monsters with monsters in order to save Han Solo and Luke Skywalker .
poke	The temple mirage powers Togepi up , emitting a bright light and after the light fades , everyone is gone , except Hansen and Team Rocket .
starwars	All these cities were destroyed upon crashing on Duro 's surface except Urrdorf City , which managed to escape along with thousands of Duros .
starwars	It was also one of a number of planets where Roa encountered his fellow refugee Ryn .
poke	A group of workers are working near an old mansion , which they find it very creepy .
starwars	In real life , `` dandelion '' is the vernacular name of the , a wild plant with yellow flowers and a characteristic `` puff-ball '' seedhead .
poke	Golduck uses Scratch , but Grovyle counters the attack with Quick Attack and proceeds to use Leaf Blade .
poke	Ash recalls how Drew specifically asked to battle Taillow , since he was confident that he 'd win against Ash 's other Pokémon .
starwars	At the suggestion of Anakin Skywalker , a heavy SPHA turbolaser cannon was installed within the ventral hangar bay of some `` Venator '' -class ships of the Open Circle Fleet .
muppet	https//www.deviantart.com/thomperfan/art/How-to-use-a-computer-Ft-Justine-Ezarik-779395767
muppet	In the BBC news satire seriesThe Now Show , with a US Senate committee questioning Mark Zuckerberg `` Mr. Zuckerberg , which Muppet do you most resemble ? Take this simple test and find out . ''
muppet	And if we find we dont like them after all they are easy to remove )
starwars	Lando explains to Luke that he 's found Han .
muppet	The cite tag is a good question . The information came from the old Muppetage website . Is this to be considered a reliable source ? --
starwars	At some point between the Siege of Taris in 3962 BBY and the Sith occupation in 3956 BBY , Gadon Thek was the victim of a severe swoop racing crash , a disaster that left him blinded .
poke	Norman becomes furious , declaring that Team Rocket will regret coming here , making them scared as everyone else is surprised .
muppet	This season is consider the `` experimental season '' in a way to `` increasingly presenting its lessons in overlapping ways , to reach those whose learning may be more closely tied to musical or mathematical abilities than linguistic ones . ''
muppet	Hey Grant , I see you working with All Work and All Play
poke	Nancy and Keith sail off on their Pokémon , telling the heroes the people from the islands began to get along when they showed their Pokémon .
muppet	Articulation Eyelids , mouth , neck , ball jointed shoulders , arms , wrists , waist , hips , ankles
muppet	The first draft of the puppet was a blonde , beady-eyed pig who appeared briefly in the 1975 pilot special , The Muppet Show Sex and Violence , in a sketch called `` Return to Beneath the Planet of the Pigs . '' She was unnamed in that show , but by the time The Muppet Show began in 1976 , she was recognizably Miss Piggy -- sporting large blue eyes , wearing a flowing lavender gown , and jumping on Kermit , the love of her life . This early version of Miss Piggy also appeared on Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass .
poke	Ludicolo attacks with Bullet Seed , hitting Team Rocket , while Meganium 's Razor Leaf frees the Vibrava .
poke	Brock offers to watch over Swablu , but May promises she can take care of Swablu on her own .
poke	James sends his Cacnea , who uses Pin Missile and with Jessie 's Seviper using Poison Tail .
starwars	However , the Nagai fighting spirit proved more resilient than the Tof had realized , and the Nagai began to gain ground .
poke	Regardless , Ash is still proud for Swellow getting the first part right and reminds Swellow they have to repeat until they do right .
muppet	Right now , I found one site which sometimes tracks Spanish records but mostly based on whats currently on eBay . I suspect , since otherwise , the search terms are too broad .
muppet	Rumors have long circulated that Ernie and Bert are a gay couple and Bert as seen on Sesame Street .
starwars	However , the Dark Woman asks to take him under her own teachings , convinced she can quell the darkness in his heart .
starwars	However , the book was nonetheless released in by DK 's Danish publishing partner , Alvilda , under the foreign-language title `` Klonernes Angreb : Den Ultimative Illustrerede Guide '' , which translates to `` Attack of the Clones : The Ultimate Illustrated Guide '' .
poke	The heroes are disappointed that Brock lost as Max is suspicious of how this battle went out , but Ash goes with Pikachu to battle .
poke	James feels the same , since he also did not want to fulfill his family 's expectations .
starwars	Keyan Farlander and Cardacs , flying in R-22 Spearheads held off TIE Series starfighters launched from the `` Imperial '' -class Star Destroyer `` Intrepid '' while the `` Drago '' conducted a boarding operation and escaped with the rescued pilots .
poke	In July of the late 80s , Alfred Kahn , former Executive Vice President of Marketing at Coleco , who was credited for bringing the Cabbage Patch Kids to the Mainstream , joined the company as Vice Chairman and a Member of the Board of Directors .
starwars	Chugg was designed by Paul Danner and Bill Smith for `` Wretched Hives of Scum & Villainy '' , a supplement for the `` '' that was published by West End Games in 1997 .
poke	Max locks himself inside the greenhouse , crying about his dad 's loss , wanting to know why he lost .
starwars	In Human terms , two Selonian females of the same den but different septs would be half-sisters .
starwars	Ragga Hocce
starwars	The beam weapon disrupted matter on an atomic level , causing it to rip apart .
poke	Pikachu uses Quick Attack , hitting Crawdaunt , who retaliates with Crabhammer .
muppet	Hey , thanks for changing her name . I seriously watched it like 10 times over and over and each time I heard `` Bill . '' Shed be a strange mother to name her son after herself . -- Joe JParanoid 1444 , 30 May 2006
muppet	COPS is an American reality show which follows police officials during their patrols and other duties . Premiering on FOX in 1989 , it is one of the longest-running reality television series , airing over 750 episodes as of 2009 . The show has won four Emmy Awards , and has featured police activity in 140 cities , including London and the former Soviet Union .
muppet	I know that theres a way to make multiple references on a page using the same footnote , but I cant remember how to do it , or find an article that uses it . Do you know what Im talking about ? --
poke	Jessie denies all the proof , so James and Meowth stop as they realize that she 's not skeptical but is in fact in denial .
muppet	Do we care ? --
poke	Ash goes after the Treecko , wanting to catch one , but notices a disagreement between one of the Treecko and its group .
poke	Brock tells Lombre it is a good time to show he likes Mawile moves , but Lombre ignores him .
starwars	It was launched within the `` Dread Warlord Pack '' available in patch 5.2.2 .
poke	Cacnea and Seviper repeat their attacks , but are stopped by Pikachu 's Thunderbolt , which blasts Team Rocket off .
starwars	The range of recorded sounds was well into both the ultrasonic and subsonic ranges to allow accurate recordings from nonhumanoid species .
starwars	Frank Springer
muppet	Hi . Its great to see you ferreting out some of the holes in the information we have ; many of the song pages are woefully incomplete . I was able to find the author and description of `` Its All Right to Cry '' , and I moved it from `` Attention '' to `` Talk '' . Generally if you can ask a simple question like `` how does this song differ from that song ? '' its a talk issue ; if its more like `` we need a bio for this person '' or `` reorganize the whole page '' , then its an attention thing . Although its not set in stone , I just wanted to let you know why
starwars	After destroying two enemy heavy turrets , the Legion was joined by Jedi General Ki-Adi-Mundi , who assisted the elite clones in destroying the CIS barricades and capture a lookout point that would prove vital to their mission .
poke	The heroes leave the island via a boat , saying farewell to Jimmy and Serena , who wish Ash luck in the Gym Battle .
muppet	Jacobi starred in the title role of the Masterpiece Theater series I , Claudius and as Professor Yana on BBC series Doctor Who . His film credits include The Day of the Jackal , Kenneth Kenneth Branaghs Hamlet , Gladiator , and Underworld Evolution . Jacobi was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1994 , and is only the second actor , after Laurence Oliver , to hold a knighthood from both England and Denmark .
starwars	Nevertheless , he was somewhat headstrong , colliding with his companions while charging at Asha , and misjudging his momentum and falling from the Ewok battle wagon in an attempt to attack Wicket W. Warrick and Malani .
poke	Jessie intimidates Chimecho to win , else she swears it will be turned into a curtain .
poke	While May and Erica refuse to look at each other , Ash trains Snorunt , who fails to use Ice Beam again .
starwars	Thinking Kenobi was attempting to escape , the vigilantes opened fire , but when the speeder bike crashed , they discovered that what had appeared to be the driver was only a duffel stuffed with Tusken clothing .
starwars	The Corellian royalty sponsored exploration and colonization initiatives that helped expand the borders of the Old Republic thousands of years before the reign of the Galactic Empire .
muppet	Im confused about the difference between the Alligators and the Crocodiles on The Muppet Show . Is the puppet in `` Never Smile at a Crocodile '' the same one used as Rezal-evad-gib , and in The Earth Day Special ? Also , is the puppet on Alligator
poke	They spot another , much friendlier Donphan , but they run away as more Donphan come rolling to them .
muppet	Yeah , the background information is neat , but it it really necessary to give the character a page ? Tyler even says he doesnt speak , so if all he does is play piano in the background , he doesnt really warrant a page . - Oscarfan
starwars	During the ride , he met a fellow recruit , Rosh Penin , who was intrigued by Korr 's lightsaber and inquired Korr about its origins .
muppet	Does anyone know anything more about the live appearance made in New Orleans as featured in the interview on American Morning ? http//www.alanmuraoka.net/Sesamestreet/sesame.html alanmuraoka.net has some pictures which also included appearances by Joey Mazzarino with Papa Bear , Sonia Manzano , Pam Arciero with Leona from Between the Lions , Leslie Carrara with a green AM , and someone else with a shaggy purple puppet which may or may not be a Sesame performer and character
poke	Sara glooms , but Brock tries to flirt with her , only to get pulled by his ear by Misty .
poke	They offer him a secret product , encouraging the man to about the secret product .
muppet	Finneman Eating , drinking , going to the bathroom -- theyre just basic human needs ! Grow up !
muppet	Hi Lara ! You uploaded a picture for Henry
muppet	Hi , and welcome to the wiki ! Thanks for sharing your memories of being on Sesame Street . Ive moved your comments to Talk the talk page . Please let me know if you need help with anything ) Scott
starwars	He is noted for having designed and produced costumes for the Bith characters in that film .
muppet	Big Bird is supervising the construction of his nest , which is nearly complete . He calls up Granny Bird to ask when he should stop building . Her answer `` The final twig . '' Big Bird leads the cast in a song , and a child promptly finds the twig to use .
muppet	Oh yeah , one more thing . How are the other companies mentioned on those ? Do they also have a logo ? Im intrigued that EMI is handling Disney stuff over there !
starwars	Urbok and Lieutenant Commander Reo were killed by Dark Nest assassins during the battle .
muppet	As with many children of his age , Elmo is seen somewhat infrequently with a favorite toy of his an orange monster-like doll named Baby David . In the film The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland , Elmo is devoted to his blue blanket , Blanket
muppet	Hey man ! Sorry we missed out on dinner the other night . Things are CRAZY here . Anyway , do you have Episode 3009 ? Someone just posted http//forums.delphiforums.com/toughpigs/messages ? msg=10314.9 a description on the forum thats flagging some question marks for me . This would be an interesting episode to feature on the wiki if we had some reliable sources . Scott
starwars	Despite the fact that revealing themselves openly would necessitate relocating their covert to remain in hiding , the Tribe assisted Djarin as a fellow Mandalorian who followed the Way .
starwars	Unwilling to let the Nexus Route coordinates reach the Republic , Sobeck tried to murder Tarkin , but Tano killed the warden before he could do so .
poke	Norman switches offense and defense to baffle Ash , who tries to overcome this trial , having his Pokémon use abilities in the battle .
muppet	On May 14 , 2013 , Ernie , Martin Paas and Charlie Kaiser appeared in a report on the exhibition 40 Jahre Sesamstrasse , advertising its opening at the Altonaer Museum in Hamburg .
starwars	However , differences quickly emerge between Vannar and Gorlan .
poke	Miranda sees they could be true and thinks a bit , but just then , Team Rocket disappears .
poke	Jessie is dissatisfied , since she wo n't give up until her `` Silcoon '' evolves .
poke	Brock comments Treecko must be feeling good up on the tree , where the species usually lives .
poke	The boy shows them a cave and if Clamperl is put in the water , it evolves into Gorebyss .
muppet	A DVD of the special Sesame Street 20 and Still Counting was released in 2010 as Sesame Street 20 Years ... and Still Counting ! by Lions Gate Entertainment for the Jim Henson Company .
muppet	In later seasons , a new Goelz character was added , the well-meaning but slow-witted janitor , Beauregard Bo is very similar to a character I performed in Emmet Otters Jug-band Emmet Otters Jugband Christmas . His name was Wendell Porcupine and I had a lot of fun with him . Bo was sort of modeled after him . Hes big and strong and clumsy -- I love him -- but hes passive , weve never found a hook for him .
muppet	Happy 1776
starwars	Lankor VI appeared in an article in `` Casus Belli '' , a French roleplaying magazine .
muppet	Also , if someone knows of any other characters based off this specific AM pattern , feel free to comment here . So far , Ive only been able to find three .
poke	The heroes arrive to Wattson to explain the truth , though Team Rocket captures Pikachu and Electrike .
muppet	The 1981 float promoted the new Sesame Street Live shows , including walk-around characters . A sign was carried in front of the float `` Macys presents Sesame Street Live '' .
muppet	Part 3 Tom still cant remember the word . He goes over his previous mistakes and worries hell never fly again if he cant think of the word . Bob , still unseen , shows `` up '' on the screen for the last time . Tom tries to sound it out , but goes with `` Around , around and away ! '' before running in circles and getting himself dizzy . Bob , no longer able to stay out of sight as the announcer , appears on screen and spells it out for Tom . `` All you have to say is UP , UP and away . '' With a whoosh , Bob is lifted off the ground with Tom looking up after him .
starwars	The Nihil operated by a code of taking what they wanted and killing those that stood in their way .
poke	Thatcher believes that cheering will improve the Pokémon 's efficiency , thinking nothing is wrong with it .
starwars	Around 4200 BBY a group called the Mecrosa Order was formed to prevent outsiders from attacking the House Mecetti .
starwars	Signet Mezzileen
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1730 , March 25 , 2011
starwars	After a brief introduction to drawing tools and materials , basic pencil techniques , shading techniques , and how to depict different textures , the book jumps right into step-by-step drawing projects .
poke	Team Rocket sees Mudkip and Pikachu arriving and plan on capturing everyone , including the Nuzleaf .
starwars	Fearing that leaders such as Luke Skywalker was never going to return , the Contessa promoted Wedge Antilles to the rank of commander and tasked him with rebuilding his squadron .
muppet	Another puppet appeared as Sly the Crocodile on Episode 104 Crocodile
poke	Janet admits she also gives some to her Beautifly , making Max remark Beautifly 's wings are beautiful .
starwars	Cunning and ruthless , leader of a powerful crime syndicate , he will pit himself against Vader for the favor of their mutual master… the dreaded Emperor . ''
starwars	Ron Howard
starwars	Blue Squadron ( X-wing )
poke	As May sees it is the breeding season , an another Donphan rolls and comes back , so Pikachu uses Thunderbolt to protect May .
muppet	Is this the `` Mysterious Nose Snatcher '' bit from season 1 ? -- -- User and Bert Jesse
poke	Reciting the rules , the boy states it is a 3-on-3 battle ( though Ash knows he has only Pikachu ) .
starwars	As the Resistance was on the brink of defeat , a massive fleet suddenly arrived at Exegol , led by General Lando Calrissian .
muppet	Big Hugs Elmo is an Elmo plush promoted as being the first that can hug back . Released in 2013 by Hasbro , under the Playskool label , the 22 '' plush toy curls his arms when hugged , plays imagination games when his left foot is pressed , and sings a lullaby when laid down .
muppet	Hi Andrew , I was wondering if it is ok to create a page for `` International minor radio mentions '' . The reason for the page is that a Danish radio talkshow , that airs every Sunday , uses the Muppet Show Theme from The Muppet Show
muppet	It says here that Dr. Nobel Price appeared in at least one episode of Play with Me Sesame . Was this a new appearance or
poke	Team Rocket has arrived to an abandoned power plant , surprised it is left intact .
muppet	Live-action dubbing includes Christopher Lee in the Star Wars prequels , Mikael Persbrandt in The Lord of the The Hobbit The Desolation of Smaug , and minor parts in the The Avengers movies and Life of Pi .
muppet	Hi . Im Wendy , one of the admins here . If you would like to change your username you can either just register for the new name and start using it , at which point it is fine to redirect this page over to that one , or you can use Special to have your existing account renamed ; whichever you prefer .
starwars	Eshgo was a Twi'lek male who was part of the Free Ryloth movement on the planet Ryloth during the reign of the Galactic Empire .
poke	Spheal uses Blizzard , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , countering the attack and defeating Spheal .
poke	Harley continues taunting her , claiming her anger could make her evolve into an Octillery .
starwars	In 2012 , the planet received system and region placements in the Online Appendix of `` The Essential Atlas '' at StarWars.com .
starwars	Before they could leave the Phindar system , Tarkin arrived in his escort carrier `` Goliath '' accompanied by the V-wing Yellow Squadron and Darth Vader 's interceptor .
muppet	So go ahead and nominate away ! You can find links to lots of different options to nominate on this page , in the User/Current Events 06
starwars	When Skywalker went missing during a ground patrol of Hoth not long afterward , the Rogues were sent out to rescue him and Solo , who had gone out in search of him upon tauntaun , as soon as the base 's T-47 airspeeders were properly adapted to Hoth 's cold .
muppet	Outside of Sesame Street , Big Bird has performed `` ABC-DEF-GHI '' on several occasions , including with Flip Wilson on the premiere episode of The Flip Wilson Show , in Big Bird
muppet	Hey , Alex ! Have you ever seen Spanish versions of the Jazz Numbers cartoons ? --
starwars	Landing on the Spuma Flats , Colonel Johans led the Hammers in an assault on an entrenched Alliance base .
poke	Liza tells the Pokémon are also used for experiments and dreams having a Gym on her own , even if it is on a different planet .
muppet	Would it be alright if I added a filmography section to this page ? --
poke	Jessie and James are skeptical , for they do n't have the remote , but Meowth scratches James .
muppet	In a January 2018 Reddit AMA , Frank Oz recalled the origin of the phrase in The Muppet Movie
poke	However , Team Rocket appears , stealing Mudkip and taking it to their balloon .
poke	Treecko spots moving in the bushes , a Pokémon , who notices Torchic , The Pokémon places its tail about , causing Torchic to trip over .
starwars	Rogue .
muppet	Arthur Rizzic appeared in the Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 101 The Mighty The Mighty Megalosaurus . '' A mammal with a protruding snout , Rizzic escaped from the dinner table at the Sinclair Home , only to find Earl Earl had destroyed his tree home . After Earl spared Rizzic following a heart-to-heart chat , the prey creature became B.P . Richfields personal assistant . Rizzic manages to convince B. P. to give Earl a raise , probably as thanks for Earl sparing his life .
starwars	Star Wars : The Clone Wars : The Visual Guide
starwars	Although bound by Morag 's magic , Logray still had the Sunstar , and he used it to free himself .
muppet	This page just brought back a slight memory . When I was really young I remember being in a dark dingy little drugstore that had a cardboard display box for the CC series of Sesame Street singles . The man behind the counter told me to get away from them since I was probably 4 or 5 years old , but not before I got a good glimpse of the picture on the display . It was mainly the illustrations of the Muppets from the first page of the Sesame Street Book and Record , but in one corner was an illustration of `` Grover '' that didnt appear in the LP or Carry About 45 spread . I used quotes because it was probably the green Grover . Does anybody have this thing , or could one even be procured ? Joinery1 1454 , 3 July 2008
poke	However , he notes the water from Island B contains particles of Deep Sea Scale , while on Island C Deep Sea Tooth .
poke	Ludicolo uses Double Team , so Torkoal uses Flamethrower to banish the illusions and burns the real Ludicolo .
muppet	Hey babe Have you seen this page ? International Muppet coloring books --
starwars	Ria Clarr was a human female who served the Galactic Empire in Capital City of the planet Lothal .
starwars	Eventually , the Republic Defense Ministry received an anonymous tip about a full-scale Mandalorian raiding force set to arrive in the Ottega system .
poke	Elsewhere , after Ash , Brock and Pikachu climbed up a cliff , Ash sends Taillow to find May , Max and taller one .
muppet	Hey , Wendy , guess what ? One year ago last night , I joined the wiki ! And you were one of the people who greeted me that night . So I just wanted to say thanks for all of your help , and for your fun conversations about records and other stuff this past year . Unfortunately , my computer doesnt like the new skin , so I havent been able to do much the last couple of nights , but Ill still be checking in from time to time
poke	Mr. Briney felt his youth coming out and , to commemorate his friendship with Peeko , Mr. Briney built the ship .
poke	Ash feels sad that the Gym Battle is ruined and the Gym itself is destroyed , but Rachel proposes they can battle here .
poke	Pikachu climbs the stairs , leading them to an empty room with papers lying around .
starwars	They also occasionally had a shield which generated a bubble of energy capable for absorbing blaster bolts and lightsaber strikes for short times .
starwars	Knot Holes system
muppet	I am a little confused about his first appearance as performing Ernie . The segment on the Expedition Sketches page that tells his first appearance contains an EKA of Episode 3199 , which aired in early 1994 . I feel very positive that his first screening was in Sesame Street Stays Up Late ! , which aired at the end of 1993 . Is there some way to tell when his first appearance is by listening to his voice ? When I saw the special , he didnt sound much like Jim Henson , in my opinion .
poke	Meowth claims they have to go to the boss , Giovanni , as a surprise is being planned for him .
muppet	The original text on this page was confusing . The first sentence said `` This skit , '' but then it switched to `` These skits , '' and Herry Monster speaks of it as a recurring sketch , which is how Ive categorized it for now . So , to anyone who has actually seen these/this , was there more than one , or was a false assumption made somewhere ? --
muppet	as a means of expression . I was able to express myself and please my parents . It was also safe to hide behind puppets because at that point I was a little shy . ''
starwars	Leanne Buckley
starwars	Darth Enraj
starwars	They were used by Jedi Masters Mara Jade and Luke Skywalker during Battle of Sarm in the Swarm War .
starwars	`` Twenty-one years before the events in , Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn is dispatched to prevent the outbreak of a civil war on the homeworld of his Padawan Xanatos—whose father is king .
starwars	In one such assignment , the Azzameen siblings discovered that Viraxo Industries , a competitor to the Azzameens ' shipping company , was actively attempting to sabotage the family .
starwars	The ship was still in use during the Third Galactic War , and was present at the Invasion of Ossus .
starwars	Wanderer 's Path/Legends
starwars	However other Meatlumps , such as Lieutenant Ubbal Fenn , were more flippant about the King .
poke	However , May begins to intimidate Max , demanding the truth for what happened to Torchic .
muppet	Other recent developments My Muppets Show Sesame Street Explores National Parks Counting the `` You '' s in YouTube Fun Fun Elmo Universal Studios Singapore Sesame section
poke	May worries for Torchic , hoping it wo n't encounter the vocal Pokémon , Loudred .
starwars	Prior to 1991 , Peter studied illustration and advertising in San Fransisco .
starwars	In 43.5 ABY , Jedi Grand Master Luke Skywalker touched an Aing-Tii relic , the Codex , which amplified his presence and called out his name to the Tribe through the Force .
muppet	Abbys birthday is October 21 .
poke	There they find the swamp full on Mudkip and their caretaker , an elderly man named Old Man Swamp ( or Mr. Swampy ) who has the same whiskers as a Mudkip 's fins .
starwars	He soon saw Imperial Star Destroyers positioned away from the main fighting and was unsure as to why they were hanging back .
starwars	They decided that the man could not have been Nom Anor , and decided to continue finish their journey to the planet 's surface .
poke	The creature is about to grab Ash 's Pikachu , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , electrocuting the creature , which is actually a Swampert .
starwars	It is a light , colorless , odorless , flammable gas , and can be used as a fuel , both chemical and fusion .
poke	Kyogre , per Archie 's order , goes after them , so Gyarados , with Brock , May and Max on it , goes away .
poke	Abby confirms this and even gives May some tips for Skitty before the Verdanturf Town 's Contest .
starwars	Tucker was the Supervising Editor of the animated series and the that preceded it .
starwars	The mercenary crew of Ranzar Malk were sent to rescue the prisoner Qin from the prison ship , utilizing the `` Razor Crest '' , the starship of the Mandalorian bounty hunter Din Djarin .
muppet	Fat Mamma Jefferson was a blues composer who wrote a short piano piece played by Rowlf the Rowlf as a prelude to `` God Bless the Child '' in Episode 516 Gladys episode 516 of The Muppet Show . In warming up for a number with Gladys Knight , Rowlf cites her as his favorite blues singer .
starwars	The StealthX was a covert strike craft , equipped with features that reduced its visibility both visually and to sensors , though it could be located if it was silhouetted or launching proton torpedoes .
muppet	Grump can also be seen in The Muppets A Celebration of 30 Years as well as in The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson as a member of The Merrill Lunch Hungerdunger McCormack All Accountant Marching Society .
poke	When not dressed as a Pokémon , he wears knickers in order to be closer to nature .
poke	May fears her nervousness is affecting Skitty , so has Skitty use Double Slap to juggle some balls May threw at her .
starwars	Grendel
starwars	Those organs were very sensitive to touch , and a damaged lek could cause severe harm to a Twi'lek .
starwars	It was used to create cushions , and individuals sitting on the material sunk into the gel-foam .
poke	Soon , nothing will be left to feed the Slakoth , for Snorlax wakes up , eats and goes back to sleep and repeats this process .
poke	The woman warns if the wheel is damaged , its power could be gone , but Team Rocket ignores her .
starwars	Even the most talented Clawdite , however , lacked the fine coordination it would take to mimic a specific individual 's appearance precisely .
muppet	Where did the episode titles come from ? -- User Minor muppetz 0124 , 10 Jan 2006
poke	May blames Ash that he ate his breakfast for too long , while Ash blames her for admiring her ribbon for too long .
starwars	Engaging the Imperial forces that boarded the `` Salvation '' , Starkiller systematically eliminated them before returning to the bridge .
poke	May claims they did the same to her , but Drew claims he 'll see that the next time he defeats her , which infuriates May .
starwars	While Plagueis ultimately went on to claim Palpatine as his apprentice , Tapalo won the election and became king of Naboo .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1432 , June 5 , 2010
poke	Team Rocket pity themselves when they lost the twerps and have gotten no meals nor much sleep , either .
muppet	Im finally starting to go through the French records . Do you have any of them ? I have some questions for you if you do . Talk to you soon ! --
muppet	A lavender and leopard-print Shoe is interviewed by Elmo in the Elmos World episode `` Elmos World Shoes . '' With the help of the shoe , and a pair of hiking boots and a pair of loafers , Elmo learns about the parts of a shoe .
starwars	In , this upgrade can be used on all types of armor and robes .
starwars	In 3 ABY , the `` Nuance '' was part of a transfer operation where it intended to sell TIE Defenders duplicated from a prototype they had stolen to the Rebel Alliance , who had taken interest in acquiring the advanced craft .
starwars	In response , the Republic sent Senator Amidala and the two Jedi Skywalker and Kit Fisto to mediate between the two parties .
muppet	Much congratulations to the users who have helped make these guides , and keep up the good work !
muppet	The News Flash sometimes returned to the same story for multiple reports . For example , there were several visits with Cinderella , and a series of interviews with Don Music . For a list of sketches organized by category , see Sesame Street News Flash Recurring Themes .
poke	Team Rocket attempts to escape , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , blasting them off .
starwars	The Yavin Code was mentioned in `` The Big Bang , '' an unfinished episode of the animated series that was written by Daniel Arkin and released on StarWars.com on September 25 , 2014 .
muppet	And the song titles `` Elmo the King , '' `` Hey Ho , '' `` Sir Louis , '' `` The Eel '' and `` The Party Song . ''
muppet	The television division of the Walt Disney Company had begun working on the series in 1990 for CBS , before the series landed on ABC .
poke	The `` Toonzai '' brand name is similar to Cartoon Network 's action animation block `` Toonami '' , which aired briefly on The CW4Kids 's predecessor , Kids ' WB from July 2001 to June 2002 .
starwars	After Teradoc tried to claim some of Zsinj 's territory for his own , Ackbar 's forces drove Teradoc back and put him on the defense .
poke	Walrein attacks using Ice Ball , but Pikachu and Grovyle evade with Quick Attack .
starwars	During the Galactic Republic attempt to liberate the planet 's capital city of Lessu , the command droid commanded his tanks against a column of All Terrain Tactical Enforcers of the Grand Army of the Republic .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket is seen to be selling the Pokéblocks , as Jessie predicted it .
starwars	It was also the home of the Naboo parliament .
muppet	Rezal-evad-gib is the name of an ancient Egyptian Alligators and crocodile god introduced in a Muppet News Flash sketch from Episode 419 Lynda episode 419 of The Muppet Show . Once invoked via the very pronouncement of his name out loud , the crocodile god would wreak a terrible vengeance upon the culprit . The Newsman would mock this passage and learn of its significance the hard way . Twice .
starwars	Her biography was featured in the `` Support Crew '' section of the publication , written by Peter M. Schweighofer .
starwars	Returning to his mine , Tosh discovered that his uncle had found a large deposit of keschels where the mineshaft had earlier collapsed ; Gundy polished and shone C-3PO and R2-D2 up , but informed them that he intended to keep them working hard at the mine .
poke	Suddenly , a Zigzagoon runs in front of them ; Max notices that it is quite larger than a normal Zigzagoon .
muppet	Mr. Johnson is Waiter Waiter Grovers recurring customer at Charlies Restaurant and various other locations . Sometimes referred to by his Anything Anything Muppet designation `` Fat Blue '' , such as in the book Sesame Street Unpaved , he has also been credited as `` The Customer '' .
muppet	We talked about this in May , and I told you that this wasnt acceptable behavior . It wastes our time , and it makes people not want to trust you or work with you anymore . I dont think I have any choice but to block you from the wiki -- this account and any others that you create . I hate doing that , because you have been legitimately contributing to this wiki . But it seems like when you get bored or want more attention , you create vandal accounts and start messing things up . We just cant trust you anymore . Im sorry . --
starwars	After finding Tarfful in the Shadowlands , the Partisans became overwhelmed by the Imperial forces , and the majority were forced to retreat before Kestis returned to Kashyyyk .
muppet	File '' The Christmas Toys Love to Play
starwars	Saal—who now went by the name of Chara—showed them around the caves , revealing that Ziil had taken him there nearly twenty years earlier .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2145 , February 28 , 2010
muppet	Hi , Jog ! I know you havent been around awhile , and you may not see this , but when you get a chance , could you take another look at Talk the Human and double check your video source ? I know it may not be possible to upload an audio/video clip , but since you seem to be the only one with the tape , it could help if you could take another look at the scene , both the voices and the logistics of the puppetry
muppet	Epstein began his career as a percussionist for Raposos house band on Sesame Street and The Electric Company . He took the music for the show very seriously `` Music is the binder that holds it all together—wonderful moments of feelings and of the curriculum—and its been like that since the very beginning . Music was always considered to be the attention-getting tool , the reason that the kids retained what they saw . If somebody were to recite the Gettysburg Address to you , youd probably forget it . But if they sang it to you , you might remember ! ''
starwars	Dengar managed to have the advantage , aiming his particle array gun at his opponent , but was easily distracted and taken down when the hunter pretended to see Boba Fett standing behind him .
starwars	Between her wanting an atomic brain scan on Tup and Nala Se wanting to terminate the clone and do an autopsy , Kenobi asked what did the Kaminoan thought of her and advised her that Tup be brought back to the Jedi Temple where he would be examined through the Force .
poke	May wonders why Torkoal stays instead of going away from the Magnemite and Skarmory .
starwars	Before Horn turned them away , Todr was able to deduce that they had been sent by Wedge Antilles , and got the location of their docking bay .
muppet	At Sesame Street at 40 A Night of Celebration with the Legendary William Paterson University , Martin P. Robinson explained that Telly Telly hadnt appeared in any scenes with the rebuilt Zoe , and Robinson expected that the moment they would meet , Telly would freak out . Fran Brill proceeded to take out the Zoe puppet , and sure enough , Telly freaked out .
poke	Juan starts by sending Sealeo and Seaking , while Ash with Pikachu and Snorunt .
poke	Mike Germakian was the secretary of LCI , while Stan Weston was initially the President and later the Chairman of Leisure Concepts .
starwars	Behind the Threat : The Sith , Part 3 : Design is a web enhancement written by Matthew Grau and released by Wizards of the Coast on September 24 , 2008 .
muppet	Hi -- I deleted the picture that you posted of yourself ... Its not a good idea for kids to post pictures of themselves on the internet . --
poke	Along the way , May meets a cute Jigglypuff , but Ash and Brock remember it all too well .
starwars	Thom Clessigan
muppet	Ha , I didnt realize when I tried out a new format that its almost exactly one year since I tried to change this format the last time . ) Happy anniversary !
poke	Giovanni is frustrated since they report no success in Hoenn region and claims he should send Butch and Cassidy to do the work .
muppet	In Episode 210 George episode 210 , Gonzo that explains his mother died before he was born and left a note to his father regarding Gonzos name . This is contradicted in Episode 108 Jason the Jason Alexander episode of Muppets Tonight , where Gonzo claims his mother liked his unique college interpretation of Death of a Salesman . However the whole notion of Gonzo remembering his parents is somewhat dispelled in the film Muppets From Space .
starwars	This project was more successful , and the pair brought back a full cargo of canta salt and havao tabacc , though the `` Mallixer '' was damaged in the process .
poke	Jessie states she has to water a plant and Meowth claims they have to go to the submarine .
starwars	Tor'Oront
muppet	File Thought of the Week ft. Walter The Walter
muppet	And you undid an admins edit and edit warred again . Weve warned you over and over . Im not sure why you keep forgetting this .
poke	Azurill uses Bubblebeam and bounces off the bubbles by using Slam , which makes Vividian dazzled by its cuteness .
poke	The screen announces four second round Coordinators : the Jester , Joshua , Erica and May .
starwars	As Jedi spread out from Tython to the larger galaxy many training facilities were established , often on a Master 's homeworld .
starwars	Sidious was also able to transfer his spirit into the bodies of individuals who were biologically unrelated to him .
muppet	Please do not change the dates on episode pages . They are accurate . - Oscarfan 2338 , May 16 , 2011
muppet	A small Beautiful Day Monster - used in the original Ed Sullivan sketch when the monster has shrunk - was used alongside the regular sized monster to demonstrate the difference between little and big
poke	They soon find out the PMC , Ken and Mary , whom Ash and Brock encountered in Johto , are here after a mysterious Pokémon .
muppet	The tiger was named onscreen in Episode 416 Jonathan episode 416
starwars	Ereesus forward operating base
starwars	He was successful , and it was not long before he seized his chance to take the `` Eclipse '' in the chaos that followed the Imperial loss at Endor .
starwars	Hux then led a fleet that destroyed the planet of Tah'Nuhna because of its assistance to the Resistance , despite pleading from its leaders about their long-standing neutrality in galactic affairs .
starwars	Two units were deployed during the Liberation of Kessel shortly afterward .
muppet	On a related topic , were we still going to put the title cards of some of the videos in the upper right hand corner ? Weve talked about it before , and it seems like we were doing it on a case by case basis , depending on the layout of the page . --
poke	Juan introduces Ash to the butler , whose name is Sebastian and is also the Gym 's referee .
poke	Kelly is impressed by the performance , while May is thankful her Combusken jumped to protect her and thought of using the flames for the performance .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1159 , 23 August 2010
poke	Ash goes to show Calista the tree he found the woman in , promising to come with her .
poke	The red ribboned Volbeat follows Illumise , so Romeo tries to use his stick to gain his attention .
starwars	R2-D2 ( Geonosis Battle )
muppet	Christian Gaul is a German voice actor who dubbed Miss Piggy , beginning with Die Muppets Die Muppets and commercials , audio books , and German-targeted promotions . Outside of Miss Piggy , Gaul dubbed the Gourmand in the German dub of The Dark Crystal Age of Resistance .
starwars	If Jolee is with you he could suggest programming them to do a tap dance .
poke	Beautifly spins and uses Tackle and String Shot , while Ash sees May learned combination attacks from Grace .
starwars	His first name , his importance to the Imperial Army , and his rank of general were mentioned in `` '' .
poke	Misty supports the idea , reminding Togetic it also needs to protect the Mirage Kingdom , as well as Sara .
muppet	Poison Cacklers are dangerous creatures that inhabit Fraggle Rock Fraggle Rock . They have large teeth , long , protruding tongues , and tails similar to a scorpions . Poison Cacklers are hatched from eggs , and generally mean harm to the Fraggles , although in the second season Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 211 The Wizard of Fraggle The Wizard of Fraggle Rock , '' the creature is only after The Wizard ( Fraggle the Wizards smoke pellets , which it finds to be delicious .
starwars	While he and Leia struggle to move it , Darth Vader enters the temple .
poke	Spoink uses Psychic to put a Shroomish on its head , but May takes it and gives it to a little girl whom Shroomish belonged to .
muppet	The Singing Firemen sang `` I Dont Want to Set the World on Fire , '' instead of putting out the fire backstage , in Episode 303 Roy episode 303 of The Muppet Show .
poke	The heroes want to hear about this lake , but Elisa is skeptical about the story .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket are sailing and Jessie is in trance , wondering about her life .
muppet	Mike Quinn is perhaps best known in the film world for performing the Star Wars character Nien Nunb in Star Wars Episode VI - Return of the Jedi . Quinn has also performed on numerous Jim Henson and Muppets productions .
poke	Professor Oak is happy and congratulates the two on their accomplishments , then logs out .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 0033 , 12 March 2006
starwars	He planned to use the Helm to convert the negative emotions of the children within the Cloister into dark side energy which would drive trillions of sentients into a homicidal frenzy .
poke	Zangoose finally arrives , as do the heroes and Nicholai , the latter promising to defeat Jessie .
starwars	With that , Luke and R2-D2 board Luke 's X-wing and head off .
starwars	Malgus credited him for it and inclined his head in a show of respect .
poke	Jessie and Meowth comment on James ' tale , thinking this Chimecho he so much wants will never appear again , despite one passing near them .
muppet	Since you enjoyed the last bunch that I found , I thought youd like to know that Ive found evidence for 5 more Japanese CDs of US LPs , bringing the total to 18 , plus a Japanese edition of the Jim Henson tribute CD ! Ill be reworking the Japanese Sesame Street discography soon , so it matches the others , but I need to check on some other stuff first . Its funny ; I used to feel overwhelmed about trying to figure out foreign language releases , and now its one of my favorite areas to mess around in ! --
poke	May defends her Wurmple , but Jessie sends hers as well , arguing whose is better .
starwars	At the same time , the Jedi Order sent Jedi Knight Medd Tandar to mediate the situation between the miners and the Royal Family , as well as to obtain a collection of recently excavated Sith artifacts .
poke	She reveals her disguise , as `` she “ is a man named Broadie , a member of Team Magma .
starwars	The Ettarue arm was one of the spiral arms of the galaxy .
starwars	The Trailians were a sentient species of humanoids .
muppet	This segment has had at least three different openings , the first two of which specifically reflected the then-current Masterpiece Theater opens . On one early skit , `` Me , Claudius '' , it featured no title card and opened on the camera panning across various statues before trucking over to Alistair Cookie as the Monsterpiece Theater opening theme music was heard . The first regular opening sequence had the title on a blue background , with a Union Jack flag as the P in `` Monsterpiece '' , with the camera zooming out on the flag . Most of these skits with this opening had Alistair Cookie with a pipe and then usually eating it at the end . Around Season 21 , the library that Alistair Cookie was in was changed , and the pipe was dropped . In Season 23 , this opening was replaced with a longer opening , which panned around a room , showing pictures and books referencing past segments . The opening theme music was also re-recorded to sound more full and orchestral , though using the same tune , and was also presented in its entirety . The name of the skit was also spelled as `` Monsterpiece Theatre '' in this intro . In Season 27 , another new opening was produced with the title sliding in front of a computer-animated green curtain . Whenever a new opening was added , that opening would be used in all segments shown in those episodes , even if that particular segment was made years earlier . Skits that originally had Alistair Cookies pipe had the opening and closing footage with Cookie re-taped ,
muppet	Does the script for Episode 2284 have any lines like that in that sketch ?
starwars	Similarly , if the Imperial base on the surface requested reinforcements , the heavy cruiser 's fighter complement were the most significant military asset readily available for support .
starwars	After many rotations , neither the Separatist forces nor the Republic 's had gained any ground .
starwars	This division between the ranks meant that both were worlds apart and that the upper echelons of power were reserved for only Force-sensitive Sith alone who served as the elite .
muppet	Okay , a few test cases for you . Miranda Richardson is the best example , but heres Peter Ustinov and Ken Campbell as well . I wouldnt recommend doing it for Jeffrey Tambor , when both of his characters have pages of their own , but I think its useful here , as well as a better way of instantly highlighting those who have multiple Muppet and/or Creature Shop credits . In cases where theres enough text to support it , we could always add a non-Muppet headshot or something . --
muppet	It makes sense that SS would be using outside voiceover actors for Muppets who were never credited on Fridays ; that was done with Marilyn Sokol , Rita Moreno , heck , Matt Robinson was no longer credited by then .
muppet	`` Old-time radio '' encompassed situation comedies , variety shows , game shows , anthology series , dramas , serials , and live band performances . Soap opera as a form originated in radio , and such programs as The Guiding Light went on to equally long runs on television . Other radio series which successfully transferred to TV include Gunsmoke , Dragnet , and The Lone Ranger . Mellifluous announcers , live sound effects , and dramatic tag openings characterized the programming of this period . Contrary to the impression that old radio was always `` tamer '' than television , sound men on mystery programs employed such techniques as chopping a head of cabbage with a machete to simulate decapitation , or grilling bacon to suggest searing flesh .
muppet	I just want to remind folks to vote for the User/Main Page picture Main Page picture . Voting has dropped off a bit lately , and its fun when people help to choose which picture goes on the front page . --
poke	James gets a card out where he reads Shuppet can relieve stress and frustration , as Shuppet calmed Max and Team Rocket down .
starwars	These garrisons were only deployed in orbits around extremely hostile and dangerous planets .
muppet	Hey , Ken . I got some international front covers of Muppets from Space from the UK and Japan that we can put on Muppets from Space its video page . All you have to do is teach me that same lesson that you have teach me with Play With Me Sesame Videography , so I can understand it again . LegalizeAnythingMuppets 2237 , August 18 , 2010
muppet	Each episode begins with the puppet versions of Bert and Ernie , looking at photographs and scrapbooks to bring back memories .
poke	Team Rocket spots Professor Birch rolling with Seedot , so they plan to steal them , while Meowth dreams the boss would be supported by Seedot in his morning exercise .
starwars	Chief Chirpa awarded the Ewok children with Beads of Bravery for their heroic service during the battle .
starwars	In Chapter 482 , Roger helped the Freemakers repair Lieutenant Valeria 's T-47 airspeeder during the Battle of Jakku .
muppet	Shouldnt we add The Muppets Theater Stage Set and Meet the Muppets to `` see also '' ?
muppet	The storybook features eight spreads , which can be used with 100 screens on the DVD . It can be used in four modes Read-to-me , Learning Activity , Movies , and Music .
starwars	He was polite , and he had a habit of using metaphor , which would sometimes irritate 4-LOM .
poke	Ash 's Pikachu goes to use Thunderbolt , but Corphish strikes first with Crabhammer , then dives back into the water .
poke	The former jumps on the rail of Team Rocket 's ship , while Lotad uses Water Gun , creating a hole to free others from the captivity .
poke	There , they find Team Rocket , who arrived to the lake and sail off to capture the Lotad .
starwars	These stories are all non-canon .
muppet	Hi Dean , you should be all set with that IP now . —
muppet	Im almost positive that its going to be D001852502 , but Im putting it here in case its not . --
poke	James gives Janet a bunch of flowers , but smoke starts coming out of the flowers .
starwars	The final part of the story was eventually printed in `` Star Wars Weekly 60 '' .
muppet	On July 7 , 2012 , the show made its broadcast premiere in the US as part of NBC Kids , a Saturday morning programming lineup programmed by Sprout .
poke	Afterwards , Clamperl 's shell opens , releasing Meowth 's tail , but closes soon after .
starwars	For the first time since the death of his mother , Cardinal feels lost in his life , having learned that Phasma and Armitage conspired to murder his mentor Brendol .
starwars	Armed with the traditional Tusken weapon , the gaderffii , Hoar became a student of Arden Lyn .
muppet	We split the listing into
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but misses one of the Mightyena , who tackles Pikachu .
starwars	Although Alderaan was safe from Imperial aggression for the remainder of the war , the invasion had a profound effect on the once-peaceful planet .
muppet	Do you want me to hang onto those pictures a little longer ? —
poke	The woman has heard , from the man , Victor , that Ash wants to compete in the Hoenn League .
poke	Seviper grabs the cage , but Wurmple uses String Shot to take the cage as well .
starwars	Enisence wore a rust-colored red and tan tunic which contained a collar , and the same colored boots .
muppet	And a happy Memorial Day Wiki Weekend to you ! Can you erase
muppet	The Babysitter has experience in expunging evil spirits and battling the forces of darkness . He wears a pacifier as a crucifix to ward off the baby and insists that no dessert be offered until he has eaten his dinner `` The power of rice compels you ! '' He emphasizes the importance of boundaries and tries reading from `` the bedtime book '' . As a last resort , the Babysitter invokes a time-out and asks Fran Fran and Earl Earl to lock the door and refrain from opening it , no matter what they hear . The Babysitter falters , however , and is defenestrated by Baby Sinclair .
muppet	Harry the Hopping Haystack appeared in the Spaceship Spaceship Surprise The Next Generation segment `` Planet H '' .
starwars	During the fighting , Jar Jar asked if he could use the lightsaber , to which Rex refused .
starwars	Haor Chall and this product were one of two main sponsors for the Vinta Harvest Classic podrace on Malastare .
starwars	Their deaths were later reported in Magistrate Argente 's holomessage to shareholders of the Alliance , and in an article of HoloNet News .
poke	Harley admits was having a cup of tea when Max bumped into him , so he offered him some ice cream , learning Max was her brother .
starwars	Sphere of Military Strategy
muppet	Well done work on Episode 3781 . Howd you like to work on some Season 24 guides ? MuppetVJ 0151 , 17 July 2008
poke	Brock makes the lunch , while Ash is very determined to have his ultimate battle for the final badge .
poke	Brock fears Zangoose is done for , since it has not fully recovered from its last battle .
starwars	Shortly after the Battle of Yavin , an experimental Star Destroyer equipped with a superlaser , the `` Conqueror '' , was commissioned under the command of Admiral Victor Strang , a former Storm Commando , to hunt down Rebel bases .
starwars	The Rebel fighters were flying non-evasively towards the main objective and were largely annihilated with relativity minor losses incurred by Imperial forces .
poke	Tabitha is pleased , for they will be able to complete their goal , as the laser points at the lava inside the volcano .
starwars	The Internal Organization Bureau was first mentioned in the new `` Star Wars '' canon in `` Dawn of Rebellion '' , a roleplaying supplementary sourcebook for the `` Star Wars Roleplaying '' series that was published by Fantasy Flight Games in 2018 .
starwars	The spacer found Jespral nearby .
poke	Mr. Big checks out and sees Torchic ate all of his Bluk Berries , which cause the mouth to go black .
poke	Jessie is crushed her hair is messed up and runs off , along with James and Meowth .
poke	He tells them that his Pokémon wait for an attack , then stand guard , then having a split second to order a command .
starwars	The Nautolan tranquillity bracelet was a bracelet made of smooth and slick coral beads arranged on a chain .
poke	After some time , the heroes find something arrives , covered in seaweed and eats the Pokémon food .
starwars	`` The saga that began with the interstellar best seller `` William Shakespeare 's Star Wars '' continues with this merry reimagining of George Lucas 's enduring classic `` .
muppet	Squire Trelawney
poke	Brock holds Claire 's hands , promising to return Spinda back , so Royce shakes Brock 's hands in agreement .
poke	As Treecko places a new bush , he is startled by Ash and Pikachu , who help it in reviving the tree .
starwars	Mission to Coruscant ( Barsen'thor )
muppet	So , if Vogel plays Deadly in future Muppet productions , then he can be put back ?
muppet	I read on the Sesame Planet website that this is how Sesamstrasse got started At first , they aired Sesame Street mixed in with German animations and films . Then , they got their own version with Big Bird as the only Muppet interacting with the live-actors in the German street scenes , and the rest of the show consisting of films
starwars	25 Years of Return of the Jedi !
poke	Poncho challenges Ash to a battle : if Ash loses , he gets the sandwiches , but if Poncho loses , he will buy some cheeseburgers for everyone the next town .
muppet	I tried it out on these pages , so we can see how it looks Episode 0304 , Episode 0305 and Episode 0871 .
starwars	The animals tethered the boulders to the ground with long lengths of rope , allowing the Jindas to safely return to the ground .
starwars	The Mark XI Executioner was a gladiator droid created by Arakyd Industries .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 0329 , 20 March 2006
starwars	It was home to the Astarte line .
starwars	To that end , Villar put his espionage talents to use as an information broker , obtaining information on his endeavors and selling it to whomever was willing to pay the highest price .
muppet	I just wasnt sure if the website is said to be coming soon or not . Has there been any updates yet ? Znsnyder 1400 , 23 March 2009
starwars	In order to return Ziro to Republic imprisonment , the Jedi Council assigned Vos and Kenobi , the latter of whom had become a Jedi Master , to track the Hutt criminal down and capture him .
poke	A man hears the scream of pain Torchic woke everyone up , so he goes there with his Nuzleaf .
poke	Swellow uses Wing Attack and spins around , negating the tornado and takes the ring .
muppet	Sesamstraat in Madurodam is an exhibition at Madurodam , a tourist attraction in the Netherlands . Located in Schevingen , the Hague , Madurodam is a miniature scaled city recreating canals , trees , houses , and other Dutch sights , reproduced in 125 scale . The park opened in 1952 .
muppet	His film and TV credits include BlackJack , Beck , Tomten är far till alla barnen , and Kommissarie Winter . Voice credits include The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and many others .
muppet	For television , Stillman was a regular as musician Reed on the puppet series Allegras Window and wrote songs for the Disney Channel series PB
starwars	Rogue Squadron 's reconaissance provided an answer : Yuuzhan Vong biotechnology was using chunks of destroyed world to build an organic shipyard .
starwars	Cyrillia
starwars	It was written by Charles Soule , illustrated by Giuseppe Camuncoli , and published on June 13 , 2018 by Marvel Comics .
starwars	Lum was created by Michael A. Stackpole for the `` '' novel released in 1996 , and subsequently appeared in a large number of other Legends stories .
poke	They see Team Rocket 's broken balloon , but nobody 's present , including Skitty .
muppet	I hate having all that HTML in a page . It looks messy and intimidating . And this template is pretty easy to use . If there are any characters with more than two main performers , I can make more templates , but I dont think there are . -- Scarecroe 1856 , 5 Jan 2006
muppet	Outside of the Pigs in Space sketches , Strangepork was occasionally seen Muppet Theater on stage with the other pigs ; he also appeared in the chorus for `` Cigarettes and Whiskey '' in Episode 219 Peter episode 219 and portrayed Fritz , the Characters Who Have murdered director , in Episode 414 Liza episode 414 .
poke	Max proposes they should just walk up , through the tunnels , to higher levels .
muppet	The 2013 direct-to-video movie Scooby Doo Adventures The Mystery Map features puppet versions of the characters and the involvement of several Muppet alumni , although it is not affiliated with the Jim Henson Company . The movie was produced by David Rudmans production company Spiffy Pictures .
starwars	It was located in the Outer Rim , within the Kathol sector .
poke	May apologizes and forces Torchic to do the same , but Mr. Big claims it was his fault for not closing the shop .
poke	James is about to throw the net , but Treecko spits the twig on his hand , causing him to drop the net .
starwars	Before he was barely a member of the Order , future ace Anakin Skywalker received a patch from Corps member Master Shaptives following his heroism in the Battle of Naboo in 32 BBY .
starwars	FW62 compact fusion drive system
muppet	In any documentary on Jim Henson , theres always a 5-10 minute segment on The Muppet Show , giving an overview of the show and the characters , with clips of all the things that someone who remembers the show from their childhood would recognize . I think this article should be our equivalent of that segment . --
muppet	Hi , Brad . Why was Imaginary Uprights blanked ? —
starwars	As they flee , Ahsoka uses the Force to block the path of the guards with crates .
starwars	Eventually , the former Sith Lord Revan and his allies invaded the Black Vulkars ' base and encountered the Twi'lek .
starwars	Sixxa then returned fighting the battle droids on his ship , while Jinkins who was contemplating whether to fire on the `` Revenant '' was then told by Nym to overload the Bomblet generator and get Jannik and the rest to a life pod .
starwars	Knowing that the Empire 's first target was the Brigian base , Alliance High Command ordered its evacuation .
muppet	Were getting there ... any thoughts on how to mark or celebrate it when we do ? User Max riverbottom 0500 , November 11 , 2009
poke	Everyone is in shock , making May comment how `` this is bananas '' which leaves Max , Brock , and Marcel annoyed by her bad pun which Max voices by telling her `` May !
poke	When they look around , they see a lot of Norman fan-club trinkets , giving Jessie a great idea .
poke	Nevertheless , Cacnea fires Pin Missile , but Typhlosion and Mag use Flamethrower , pushing Team Rocket away , and to be blasted off by Pikachu 's Thunderbolt .
poke	Juan explains before entering the Hoenn League , the trainer must adapt their battling style to things like water .
poke	Gulpin uses Stockpile and attacks with Spit Up , but Treecko dodges the attack .
poke	Ash wishes Brock was with him , since he knew how to cook good food , making Ash and Pikachu have fantasies of Brock 's food .
poke	Meowth thinks Solrock and Lunatone would cheer the boss up and make him dance around joyfully .
muppet	Sorry I went ham on this . I am interested greatly in Plaza Sesamo and Vila Sesamo and I want to help solve some mysteries . The mysterious identity of this muppet is really interesting ... My guess is that this is Vila Sesamos early Garibaldo or maybe even a base or some sort of test for Montoya .
poke	Ash promises that he will never lose Pikachu again and everyone goes to Lilycove City .
muppet	Furthermore , if you search for it on some broadcasters , it comes up in the search results , but when you follow the link , theres no trace of it ; indicating it was there , but has been removed . https//nhpbs.org/search-results.asp ? s=Sesame+Street % 3A+50+Years+ % 26+Still+Sunny
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile to stop it , but it misses and Swellow uses Wing Attack , freeing Shuppet .
starwars	Through relentless use of specialized torture droids , she was able to successfully extract the information about Cade Skywalker out of Hosk Trey'lis , a Jedi Master of the New Jedi Order .
poke	Brock gives Sharpedo some food , since he does not have any better medical supplies to cure the poison .
muppet	So I just spent a morning watching Its A Wonderful Life and then VMX back to back , as I do every December , and I came to this . Minogues Green Fairy is clearly absinthe , but Robin is
muppet	Now look to the very right of the photograph . There is this muppet monster that has crooked eyes , a frill , and dog-like teeth . Has this character appeared anywhere else or have a name ? -- User Dark Frackle 0322 , 27 April 2006
starwars	A large number of fans believe George Lucas pushed the `` cutesy '' factor with the Ewoks , especially with the belief that he did it to make it more marketable to children ; and some of the production staff , such as Harrison Ford , felt awkward throughout the filming process about the Ewoks .
poke	Nevertheless , Shauna and Ash have their battle , as Team Rocket is watching nearby .
poke	Max sees that Nicholai has the advantage and doubts Ash 's claim that she has a strategy .
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 0022 , 1 February 2006
muppet	heres the Coming Soon on Sesame Street thing Skullzproductions
poke	However , this unlocks the door , but members of Team Aqua arrive to intercept Team Rocket .
starwars	Garowyn
starwars	As Rex began to survey the area in front of them by the airbase , six-legged Umbaran mobile heavy cannons , fitted with electromagnetic plasma cannons , emerged from the distance and began to fire their plasma cannons at Jesse and the clone troopers .
poke	More and more Gulpin are absorbed to be fired away , amazing the heroes by this plan .
muppet	Whered this info come from ? MuppetVJ 0626 , 9 Jan 2006
starwars	Kars Korthos
muppet	Though Hoots was last used as a character in the late 2000s , he returned in 2019 for new productions associated with the shows Sesame Street 50th 50th anniversary , performed now by Christopher Hayes . These appearances include the jazz concert A Swingin Sesame Street Celebration 50 Years
starwars	Slavin asked Thrawn how he knew that the trooper was actually a rebel , who stated that if trouble brewed , they would quickly come to their aid .
poke	Ash spots a photo of the doctor , whose name is Abby , and Skitty , who won the Ribbon Cup .
muppet	Elmos World Babies , Dogs
poke	The gang goes to help him , but Juan tells them not to worry , for his Tentacruel , Gorebyss and Barboach already defend themselves and others .
poke	The man hopes the boat will run and dismisses Mr. Briney 's advice to turn to Officer Jenny .
poke	When Team Rocket reaches for the last rice ball , they fight for it , but it falls into a nearby river .
muppet	getting confused . Where did you find the author info ? According to ascap
poke	The man shows them the a class , where students prepare for Pokémon Contests , making May eager to sign in .
muppet	Hey , Wendy , Ive discovered that Parker Brothers made some book and tape sets in the 80s . But we dont have a Parker Brothers page , because it redirects to Hasbro . Were we going to make a Parker Brothers page eventually ? For now , I mentioned it on each books page . Thanks ! -- Ken
muppet	On November 30 , 2009 , the official Muppets Studio Twitter page announced that the USPS and the Muppets would team up for a project to be announced the following day .
poke	More Shroomish appear , and despite Team Rocket still eating and taunting the Shroomish , those Shroomish evolve to Breloom .
starwars	However , after the Star Destroyer—escorted by a pair of `` Victory II '' -class frigates—jumped out of hyperspace in the Kessel system , it was ambushed by the Alliance 's new elite fighting force , Renegade Squadron , intending to rescue Ackbar .
muppet	For a time , Madame Chairbird and other Feathered Friends members joined the background ensemble on Sesame Street , often as patrons at Hoots Birdland club . They also appeared in The Muppets A Celebration of 30 Years and Dont Forget to Watch the Movie .
poke	As Torchic and Corphish continue attacking , Grovyle uses Leaf Blade between them , which stops their fighting .
poke	While Pikachu and Meowth are walking , James and Jessie are searching for Meowth and `` the home base '' ( even if James tells her the home base is far from here ) .
starwars	The AT-ST drop pod was a type of drop ship used by the Galactic Empire .
muppet	Youre an absolute
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1930 , August 24 , 2009
starwars	The XL-5 Guardian force reconnaissance ship was a class of starship that was used by the Galactic Empire .
starwars	Kel Dor
muppet	Hey Warrick . You added that Flounders sister was named Fin , but I found an article that said she was called Coral
poke	Max introduces himself , but Shuppet goes away and reappears in a second , teasing him .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0129 , November 10 , 2009
muppet	In 2017 , fan blog Tough ToughPigs.com published a statement from Disney , `` Steve Whitmire is no longer working with the Muppets . '' Following Whitmires departure , it was revealed that Matt Vogel would take over performing duties beginning with a Muppet Thought of the Week video .
poke	Ash , Max and Brock go to sleep , while May stays vigil over Swablu for the entire night .
poke	Team Rocket tries to take Spinda , so Pikachu goes to use Thunderbolt , but is distracted when Team Rocket launches a robotic arm .
muppet	Speaking of needing to step back from pages , Im not sure if youve noticed whats been going on on a lot of the character pages , a good deal of back and forthing on performers , mostly between MuppetDude and Deeanmo19 . I already put Sloth in timeout , as they reverted each other twice each , but its been happening on Crumpet , Jabberwock
poke	The other boys send more Pokémon , which startles Pikachu and Ash as the boys persistence never ends .
starwars	Kenobi acknowledged Tano 's need for support and time to get over the ordeal , but told Skywalker that he would need her to succeed .
muppet	Heres the breakdown for http//digi.countrymusichalloffame.org/cdm/singleitem/collection/movingimage/id/2693/rec/11 Rowlfs first appearance .
poke	May tries to convince Wurmple to eat , even Torchic offers food , but Wurmple refuses .
muppet	According to the bylines , the Harvey series is listed as Volume 2 rather than a seperate series
muppet	You can put an article into a category by adding this code
starwars	Her plan failed , but Jedi Master Kirlocca was killed while defending himself against them .
poke	The thing was May forgot to check the date and found that the place was closed .
muppet	Hi ! I reverted your edits to the main page and Today on Muppet Wiki . As Scott noted back in April , thats a privilege reserved mainly for admins . Muppet Wiki on Muppet Wiki nominations is the place to add suggestions , and in this case , two guest appearances on a same date isnt the kind of thing we highlight in that section
starwars	Skywalker sent members of the New Jedi Order to investigate these places and find out what the cult was up to .
muppet	Ernie and Bert Sketches Ernie and Bert Berts pigeon Bernice cant play with him , so Ernie pretends that he is Bernice . Then Ernie asks Bert to pretend that he is Ernies Rubber Duckie Rubber Duckie .
poke	Brock and Ash promise Max to get them back and go inside Julie 's truck to track Team Rocket .
poke	Ash does not believe them , but Brock knows it would be tough to capture a Legendary Pokémon .
starwars	A new model cost 150,000 credits while a used one went for 45,000 credits
starwars	He was one of the Captains of the Guard placed in charge of maintaining order within the walled capital city of Iziz 's Merchant Quarter .
starwars	Korsin gathered several of his miners and confronted Marcom , blaming him for the ship 's crash while the miners held the helmsman back .
poke	With Bulbasaur being in May 's team , Ash decides to call his own Bulbasaur to meet up .
muppet	But if thats the case , you might want to start with the season 13 episodes . The guides for Episode 1663 and Episode 1703 have most of the first appearances listed .
starwars	Not wanting resentment to fester in the Navy 's upper echelon , he believed that the `` Supremacy '' gunners deserved recognition for their skills and contribution to the destruction of the Resistance .
starwars	A hypercoil was a component of a hyperdrive motivator .
starwars	Dune used the opportunity to pull the fighter off-balance , and won the fight by strangling him with the tether until he tapped out .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 2223 , 25 May 2009
poke	Back home , May and Max , along with Brock , meet up with Kenny , who reports trouble .
muppet	Four sketches were included on the video Big Birds Story Time , although Kermits pre-on camera comments were cut out , as well as the News Flash logos and references to it being a news broadcast . The `` Rapunzel '' sketch was included on Old School Volume 1 , and is the only uncut News Flash segment available on DVD . A clip montage of various News Flash segments was included in The Best of Kermit on Sesame Street video . The sketch where Don Music writes `` Mary Had a Bicycle '' was included in Sing Yourself Silly .
starwars	Turan
starwars	Lav peq , also called netting beetles , were Yuuzhan Vong insects released by tsik vai to capture prey .
muppet	Regina appears physically in the episode `` Episode 116 The Road To The Road to Ka-Larry , '' where Sue Snue acts as an ambassador to deliver a box full of valuable treasures to the queen . Although they are all lost along the way , Regina immediately recognizes the box , which previously belonged to her and where she kept the things that meant the most to her . In this episode , only small portions of her appearance are seen , the image rarely shifting above her mouth .
muppet	But if you look at the whole area , the bit that looks like light gleaming on a pair of sunglasses is actually Behemoths two upper teeth . But you can only see one eye , so I can totally see how you thought it was Clifford . --
starwars	Delphi Kloda
muppet	With a higher register voice often used for weasely or nervous types as well as authority figures , Jepsen seldom dubbed leading men . He lent his tones to character actors , comedians , and eccentric figures Pete Postlethwaite in The Usual Suspects , Bob Newhart in Elf Elf , Alan Arkin in Mother Night , Austin Pendleton
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1602 , 10 April 2010
starwars	In 32 BBY , this bounty was claimed by Jango Fett .
muppet	After the introduction , Big Bird is standing on a chroma-key Sesame Street , and begins the story `` Once upon a time , it was a regular old day on Sesame Street . Oscar was grouchy as usual ... '' Oscar pops his head out of Oscars trash his trash can to tell Big Bird to get lost . Big Bird says that Bert was headed out for his morning stroll ...
poke	Joy worries for the Pokémon , for they can not be treated , so she has to activate a secondary generator .
starwars	A mono mix was produced in June 1977 for exhibition in cinemas with no Dolby Stereo or Surround support , which did contain the following changes in content from the other versions .
starwars	He determined that he would not continue the cycle of his family , that he would start his own path .
starwars	Ussin Fajinak
poke	May , Max and Brock greet Kenny , who is the assistant to the Gym , who is glad to see May and Max came home .
poke	Brock and Jessie 's Wobbuffet declare the battle over , claiming Jessie and May were disqualified , but Jessie orders Dustox to use Whirlwind , knocking Brock out .
starwars	The Forsaken Den appears in the BioWare MMORPG `` '' , as a class-restricted story phase for the Jedi Knight mission `` Dark Temptations . ''
muppet	Any non-main performer credits still go at the bottom of the page in the full Performer History list . -- Scarecroe 2153 , 18 January 2006
starwars	It was located a relatively short distance to the northeast of the moon 's Research Outpost .
poke	Drew thinks she does n't get out much , but May replies he just does n't know how to have fun .
starwars	Wood was also inspired by acting .
poke	May is still unsure what Pokémon should she use , but Max reminds her she can still think of which ones to use before registering for the Contest .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket is inside the cave on the island , where they find lots of food .
starwars	The site was utilized following the reactivation of Project Auger , in which the Empire attempted to locate artifacts from the ancient Zeffo ruins .
poke	Everybody helps to slow the burglar down , but it still moves with amazing speed .
starwars	While racing around the Canyon Dune Turn , his pod took a direct shot to the right engine by the Tusken Raider Orr Agg R'orr .
poke	As they arrive to Lilycove City , the heroes meet Kelly , a fellow Coordinator , who knows how to make good Pokéblocks .
poke	The heroes have reached the Muscle Island , from where they 'll take the last boat to the Mossdeep Island .
poke	With no electricity , all of the Pokémon are in danger—including May 's Torchic .
poke	Everyone is worrying as Drake 's strategy seems weak , though a member of Drake 's crew tells them to be patient to see Drake 's strength .
starwars	In `` '' , the level in which the player must face Gorc and Pic ( Level number 11 ) is titled `` Brothers of the Sith , '' and Qu Rahn describes the two as twins .
starwars	Rukh 's killing of Thrawn not only brought an end to the Thrawn campaign , but also had a tremendous impact on the Empire and , indeed , the entire Galactic Civil War .
poke	After running away from some Slugma , the heroes find themselves on a ranch , owned by a girl named Julie .
starwars	While Thayn was used to the patriotic message of the play since childhood , Edell , who reluctantly pretended to be a Sith reveler in the crowd , was angered by the anti-Sith undertones of the festival .
starwars	After Valkorion appeared in front of his daughter , calling Vaylin not worthy of the Eternal Throne , she responded by throwing her hostage at the Commander in a gesture of contempt , while reaching out with the Force to snap her victim 's neck .
muppet	File Red Book `` RCA Car Stock car race footage from Hensons RCA stereo television demonstration .
poke	Max tells May Zangoose and Seviper are natural enemies , while Brock points out when one senses another , they have an urge to battle .
starwars	Master Qel-Bertuk repeated to Thorla , in a quiet but stern voice , that the death of his Padawan was `` not '' his fault and that he should remember to `` not '' feel sadness for his fallen Padawan but instead he should feel a sense of joy for his Padawan who was now one with the Force .
starwars	She also voiced FLO , the other waitress of Dex 's Diner .
starwars	Though they now have common ownership and pool their expertise to develop games , both companies retain their individual staffs and brands .
poke	The robotic arm damages the robot , causing it to explode Brock calls his Pokémon back and , along with Kain , he gets Spinda .
poke	A member of crew tells Drake waited to Pikachu to come to him before attacking , since Shelgon has a quite high defense .
poke	After winning the Stone Badge from Roxanne , Ash and co. head out to the next gym , located on Dewford Island .
muppet	File to School Carpool `` Back-to-School Carpool ''
poke	Brawly admires Pikachu 's strength , while Ash sees Makuhita is strong as well .
poke	May is excited to see the outcome , but Max takes offense , thinking May wants to see her father to lose .
poke	Since they have little time , Shauna holds Brawly 's hand , as they continue towards the cave .
starwars	The Devouring was a three-stage process .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the West Wing page .
poke	May heard of these Contests , where the participant of the Contest , called Coordinator , can win a ribbon .
poke	The heroes recall these are not the same Pokémon they saw yesterday , but seeing them happily eating , Brock places more food to lure them in .
poke	May asks him how many did he got , so he shows her his case , containing three ribbons .
starwars	Wedge destroyed the Imperial TIE/LN starfighters before they could even launch , by shooting down a tall tower that crushed the TIE fighters .
starwars	One of the guards kicked the diminutive Tarfang away , and the Ewok responded with a blaster bolt that narrowly missed Lumpawaroo 's head .
starwars	Named after the enormous bergruutfas of Teloc Ol-sen , this clan was stationed at the Jedi Temple following the Ruusan Reformation of the Galactic Republic .
muppet	In 1967 , an African-American version of the musical opened , starring Pearl Bailey and Cab Calloway . Bailey sings the song with the Muppets as part of the closing number in The Muppet Show Episode 305 Pearl episode 305 .
muppet	Im gon na try doing a small batch today . I may come up with a method of doing them quickly enough that I can just steamroll through them all . Im not sure how many entries there actually are -- under DATES it says 1,800 but those sub-links prove that some of those numbers are wrong . And not every entry is fully curated . Ill update my progress here .
poke	Meowth thinks their boss would be pleased for getting the Snorlax , as it would cheer him up in the morning .
muppet	That , and for a long time Sid and Marty Krofft I guess seemed like they were already employing most of the working actors of short stature , in and out of suits . Billy Barty would have been the most visible person to ask , and he was pretty well identified with the Kroffts when it came to kids TV . And I guess anybody else with sufficient recognition value later on would have been in the UK .
poke	Jessie is insulted to hear her Wurmple is like May 's , since Jessie considers her Wurmple cuter and calls it in her Poké Ball .
muppet	Christmas with the Muppets is an `` EZ Play Today '' book of sheet music for traditional Christmas songs . It was published in 1986 by Leonard Hal Leonard Publishing .
poke	The screen displays May , Drew , Grace and Jessica , who advance to next round .
starwars	Once aboard the AT-DP walker , Kell and Leonis put their plans into action .
muppet	Paris Hilton is an American socialite and sometime actress who is best known for her lifestyle and reality show The Simple Life .
starwars	It was on Dorsis that Hal Horn once tracked down Moranda Savich .
starwars	Meanwhile , Chopper and Ezra sabotaged the Interdictor 's gravity well projectors .
muppet	A former stage actress and ballerina , Donadio specialized in dubbing matrons and grandmothers , even in her early years . From the 1950s onward , she was a staple of The Walt Disney Disney films , playing both villainesses and motherly types Snow Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
starwars	General Pash Cracken assisted the Vratix in setting up their secret research on a New Republic outpost on Borleias , a planet in the Pyria system , knowledge of which was concealed even from Mon Mothma .
starwars	They were taller then they were wide and soared above the surrounding landscape .
poke	May admits her Pokémon did well in the two Contests , but she messed up big time in the last Contest , hence why she wants a fresh new start .
muppet	I know Ive seen the puppet show up elsewhere , but we dont even have anything linking to it from Special/Baby Bear ``
poke	He also tells Maxie that they saw Team Aqua 's forces on the sonar , but can not confirm if they really are Team Aqua .
starwars	Also , on each planet , the boss appear to be none other than the Sith Darth Vader , who is typically impersonated by shapeshifting entities who will sometimes transform into a giant scorpion , a Wampa , a shark , or a pterosaur in order to continue attacking .
starwars	Grevel then threw a cup at Grool , who threw Xiono into a serving droid .
poke	Max points out these Pokémon used moves to make it look like the Pokémon were revitalized which was against the rules according to May .
muppet	The show aired in America on NBC two days later , on November 29 , 1977 , as a special titled America Salutes the Queen .
muppet	Are there ever sections for inaccuracies in these children-oriented bios ? This one is not too terrible an offender , but it does feature this illustration of Jim performing Oscar the Wiesnerc 2152 , April 22 , 2012
starwars	Like all the medical droids used by the CIS in `` '' , the ADK-25-MED has a sadistic love of torturous surgery .
muppet	Hey Ken , I just figured Id let you know By album version , Id meant the extra dialogue that was included from Ernie before the song starts that wasnt shown on the broadcast version . Thats why I undid your edit . Sorry for the inconvenience . Wattamack4 0250 , March 3 , 2010 Alex
poke	Ash has an idea and sends Treecko , asking it to eat the watermelon and spit out the seeds .
starwars	After the events on Akiva , she joined forces with Norra 's team to hunt down Imperial fugitives on behalf of the New Republic .
poke	The woman finds a pencil and is angry , asking loudly what the heroes have done to her son , Timmy .
poke	The heroes are getting close to Petalburg City , as Max notices they will be in the city after the cross a mountain .
starwars	The attack was thwarted by Keyan Farlander in an X-wing starfighter and a few other Rebel pilots who turned to this starship destroying it .
poke	Juan is glad about that determination and expects to be shown some battling artistry .
poke	Ash 's Bulbasaur explains to May 's Bulbasaur to search for the Poké Balls , making Ash and May glad .
poke	Just as Maxie calls for security , a crash is heard and the Blue Orb is thrown into midair .
starwars	The facility was constructed at the peak of Dagobah 's Mount Dagger , which was renamed Mount Yoda in honor of the Jedi Master at Hextrophon 's suggestion .
muppet	We should add this one to the list Kermit and Cookie Monster demonstrate beginning , middle , and end with Kermits cookbook . Cookie eats it when he learns whats at the end of Garrettk41 1326 , 1 May 2008
starwars	Realizing her father 's opposition to her plan , Zarro made up the lie that she was going to help Chewie fix his starfighter .
starwars	`` The Sith Lords '' was constructed using an updated version of the original `` Knights of the Old Republic '' , which Obsidian obtained from BioWare .
poke	Birch sees Ash has to train for the rematch at the Dewford Town 's Gym , while May aspires herself to be a Coordinator .
starwars	Fennesa was created for the article `` Mountain Nerf , '' written by Jeff Quick and published on Wizards.com on February 6 , 2003 .
starwars	They fight , but the figure disarms her and tells her he has come to take her back to the Jedi Council .
starwars	Darth Traya used a powerful version of this to evade both the surviving Jedi and her Sith apprentices , as well as mask her nature from her own student , Meetra Surik who in turn may have mastered this ability .
muppet	Please leave me a message if I can help with anything !
muppet	Were currently saying that John Henson has played Sweetums up to the present , but Im not sure if thats been true for some years . Do we know for sure ? Scott
poke	The King explains that Hansen has been plotting to disrupt things for the ceremony and apologizes in his name .
poke	The younger replies that the it was born at the tree and lives among the tree 's branches , wanting to protect its home .
poke	Chimecho calms James down with its voice , although Jessie finds the voice annoying .
muppet	Quiz It Pen is a line of educational book/toy sets made by Publications International in 2013 . The set includes an electronic pen that plays sound clips with voices , sound effects and music . Each book poses multiple-choice questions that can be answered by holding the pen to the dot representing the answer ; the pen then plays sounds letting you know if the answer is correct or not .
poke	Since the heroes are a threat to them , Maxie has Tabitha to lock the children up .
starwars	Kadok III-B was the second planet in the Tertiary Kadok system .
poke	This makes Thatcher wonder if Ash could even stand up to the power of cheering , thinking he should quit the battle .
poke	Suddenly , Misty appears , demanding Togepi back and wanting to know why would they want Togepi .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2336 , January 12 , 2011
poke	Ash is confident that he 'll catch the Pokémon , even if May thinks it is a bad idea , thinking it is dangerous .
muppet	This sentence needs to get fixed , though `` This concept later surfaced in the medieval morality plays such as Everyman , Piers Plowman , and Faust , often through the use of both personified sins
muppet	What do you guys think of formatting the SS podcasts like this
poke	Shelly claims Team Magma should appreciate that she let them won this battle , but she is looking forward to beat them the next time they meet Team Aqua who have nothing else to do but to go back to their main base , as they fly off in the helicopter .
starwars	He is voiced by Fred Tatasciore .
muppet	Miss Piggy Moi pays a debt of gratitude to Katherine Hepburn , Bette Davis , and Jackie Chan .
muppet	In honor of the Sesame Street 35th anniversary of Sesame Street , Monopoly Sesame Street Collectors Edition was released in 2004 by USAopoly . The gameplay was the same as the original , but with a Sesame twist . Special pewter playing pieces of the characters were included , and the board , cards , money and properties were changed to reflect the Sesame Street locations and characters .
poke	The heroes are not pleased by the kid 's rudeness , but Birch proposes going to the next cave .
starwars	Spinner also attempted to flirt with Takara , but the young woman rejected his overtures and reminded him to address her as `` Takara '' rather than `` Red . ''
starwars	During the New Sith Wars , the planet was the site of a battle won by the Sith .
muppet	I picked up the `` directors cut '' DVD of Little Shop of Horrors , which has the remastered , colored version of the original ending .
poke	As Max stays with Ash , who wants to teach Swellow Aerial Ace , Brock is with May , who wants to learn more about Pokéblocks from Kelly .
poke	On December 21 , 2012 , 4Kids Entertainment was reincorporated as 4Licensing Corporation .
muppet	Is your script the final aired version ? Its either that or the CTW doc is wrong .
starwars	When George Lucas was recruiting people for the special effects work on , he approached Trumbull who pointed him towards Dykstra .
muppet	You probably got here through Google , since we have a Marvel Productions page , but we dont track their other series and we dont have any knowledge of DVD releases of their projects . Id suggest trying some TV on DVD forums or animation forums . Also , I find the website Tvshowsondvd.com to be a great resource . You can check the latest release schedules or look up a specific show to see if its on DVD , was once but is out of print , or if theres any news . http//www.tvshowsondvd.com/shows/Little-Wizards/10022 Their entry for Little Wizards shows nothing yet , but you can bookmark it and check back .
starwars	At one point , a freighter captain named Jorgan Blech compared Brooser to a Wookiee .
muppet	Are the Three Sisters or Roberta lyrics used in this sketch ? --
muppet	The dialogue on The Great Muppet Caper the soundtrack differs slightly from that of the film . In the movie , Zoot tells Kermit the Kermit that Animal is upset over missing the Rembrandt van Rembrandt exhibit at the National Gallery ; Animal corrects him its the Pierre-Auguste Renoir exhibit . On the soundtrack , Zoot references the Claude Monet exhibit , and Animal doesnt correct him .
poke	The man states he also wanted Kyogre free , knowing the Red Orb could n't control it .
muppet	Hi Andrew is it possible to make a Samson through the years page ? As this character also changed a lot .. Its noted on the Samson page , but many Muppets have a special page for Pino 0003 , 9 January 2009
poke	Ash , thinking of Treecko , states that Loudred 's not the only one , since Pokémon also have troubles like people do .
muppet	I took a stab at pruning some pictures . I moved the extra ones to The Muppets
starwars	Once there , she began to covertly leak confidential Imperial strategy and information to Republic agents in the Strategic Information Service in the hope of undermining the Sith war effort and confounding the Emperor 's plans to complete the creation of his Children .
poke	Serena claims Jimmy made his judgement too early , pointing he needs to have more self-confidence .
starwars	Vibroblades were dangerous to use against electrical weapons , as they conducted electricity .
poke	Suddenly , the sun comes out and it brightens the door , causing the ruins to activate , revealing a secret passage .
muppet	Thanks for posting all those documents ! I definitely know a lot of those , and I bet Guille does , too . We should be able to fill those pages in no time ! -- MuppetDude 2023 , 30 August 2007
poke	Kyogre releases itself and the net comes to Team Rocket , electrocuting and blasting them off .
starwars	Initially friendly , the Rakata taught Adas how to create holocrons , and lent their knowledge of space travel to the Sith .
starwars	A September 18 , 2010 update to the depicted the battle in the mini-games `` Republic Defender '' and `` Starfighter , '' in addition to attributing the battle its official name .
poke	The case brakes , freeing Blastoise while it frees Charmeleon and Ivysaur using Hydro Pump to break the cases .
muppet	I created this page both to incorporate info on the `` Open Sesame '' format , and as a means of merging some of the stub pages we have for the international Sesame dubs , where we have absolutely no info at all except a name and a country , and those details were taken from Sesame Street Unpaved Sesame Street Unpaved as the only source . Id propose merging the following as re-directs , which can always be broken out into seperate pages again when/if specific details surface
starwars	Following the Battle of Khorm , the Wolfpack and Koon were deployed on the '' Negotiator '' , a '' Venator-class '' Star Destroyer , to break the Confederacy navy's blockade of the planet Felucia , and participated in the first battle of Felucia .
starwars	T'surr was the homeworld of the sentient , predatory T'surr species .
starwars	However , he wanted to corrupt and bring Skywalker over to the dark side ; a goal that put him at odds with both the Daughter and the Father .
muppet	Well , I generally tend to capitalize words that I think are important when they are part of a title . Thats why capitalized `` Bowl '' and `` Fruit '' . Garrettk41 0044 , 26 January 2009
muppet	`` Hello Doctor '' is a Bear in the Big Blue House song from the episode `` Episode 316 That Healing That Healing Feeling . '' After Tutter injures his tail , Bear calls up Doc Hogg . Through the Woodland Valley party line , Doc soon winds up dispensing medical counsel to Big Old Bullfrog and Lois as well . The genial porcine medico assures all concerned , however , that theyll be good as new .
starwars	Clieg was unable to make it to a life pod and died in the explosion after the rest of the crew evacuated .
muppet	I am stumped on this one . I think that the painting Girl with a Pearl Earring
starwars	Following Windu 's cue , Danva and the other Jedi spread throughout the arena ignited their lightsabers and began cutting down the hordes of battle droids filling the arena .
poke	Nevertheless , May and Max observe a bunch of Stantler and Beautifly , commenting how many Pokémon are in this forest .
poke	Later , Nicholai resumes his battle with Ash , sending his Zigzagoon , so Ash sends Pikachu to battle .
muppet	The stamp sheet included a quote from Henson `` When I was young , my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world . My hope is to leave the world a little bit better for my having been here . ''
starwars	Obi-Wan protects the family who 'd helped him and decided to take his chance with overwhelming odds .
poke	While Brock and May go shopping , Ash and Max go to the museum , only to find it closed .
muppet	Whats the source that this has been given the go-ahead ? Scott
muppet	Now that Scotts detective work has revealed A. Ligator as the Muppets Tonight announcer , and since the Cow Announcer is that characters name , can we move this back to simply `` The Announcer '' ? As is , Special/The several pages link to the disambiguation page when theyre referring to the Muppet Show character . We can move that page to `` Announcer
poke	A screen displays the former winners of the PokéRinger contest , who are also honorary citizens of Crossgate Town .
starwars	It was here that Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn recognized Anakin 's potential to become a Jedi and where he introduced him to Obi-Wan Kenobi , his future master and mentor .
muppet	Babacan has worked primarily in dubbing , often in leading roles . He has frequently dubbed Tom Cruise , Tom Hanks . He lent his voice to Johnny Depp in Roald Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Alice in Wonderland , Billy Burke in the The Twilight Twilight movies , Matt Damon in The Bourne Supremacy , Michael Fassbender in Marvel X-Men First Class , Richard Gere in Pretty Woman , Christian Bale in Batman Begins , and Aaron Eckhart in the TV dub of The Dark Knight . Cartoon roles include Daffy Duck in Space Jam , Hades in Hercules , and Atom Ant .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Bagon dodges and uses Headbutt , which is deflected by Iron Tail .
muppet	If youre unsure about making wiki edits , feel free to test it out in the Muppet Sandbox .
muppet	In 2011 , an order for new episodes in a half-hour time slot expanded the series to two eleven-minute segments , for a total of 26 broadcast episodes . The episodes debuted in October 2011 . Henson and Sprout now co-produced the show with Sixteen South Limited in Northern Ireland .
starwars	With the introduction of the `` New Game Enhancements '' in 2005 , several items required for the viewscreen printer were no longer obtainable , making these paintings valuable collector 's items within the game .
starwars	Figrin D'an , leader of Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes , played the kloo horn , as did Lirin Car ' n , son of Lirin D'avi .
starwars	The Mk I Superlaser was the first model of kyber crystal-powered superlaser developed by the Galactic Empire .
starwars	Godera maintained a series of secret laboratories in the ruins of the city-planet , manned by droid assistants , and the SIS had been content to allow the scientist to remain there in peace .
muppet	Wontinks is selling coffee in a communist shop , Wilkins , in russian clothes , enters in
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0116 , 5 November 2010
starwars	The Archaic Arsenal of Ordo was mentioned in the 2018 reference book `` '' , written by Pablo Hidalgo .
muppet	kelly_clark @ realsimple.com
muppet	Nancy Sans
muppet	As of this writing , we have 0 , 8 and 19 categorized here . I think its safe to say that every number from 0 to 20 has appeared with Muppet eyes and mouth at some point . Do we categorize them all here eventually , or do we just keep them in the numbers category to save from the redundancy ? Scott
poke	Team Rocket , who is watching the battle , identified Nicholai dressed in Marshtomp costume .
poke	Nicholai sees them moving in a zigzag pattern and compares it when Ash was chased by Skitty , so he comes up with a plan .
poke	Sigourney comments there may be a day they could communicate with Claydol , while May wishes Claydol a good rest .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 0533 , September 5 , 2010
starwars	Quantill City harbor
starwars	After the start of the Galactic War , Kirnon was present on Corellia during the Kaggath between Lord Kallig and Darth Thanaton as a spectator during the challengers ' supposedly final duel .
muppet	Is http//www.liveforfilms.com/2010/11/12/the-new-muppet-movie-gets-jack-black-lady-gaga-danny-trejo-paul-rudd-jane-lynch-ed-helms-and-more/ this a reliable confirmation that Lady Gaga will be in the Fred
muppet	A smaller abridged version of the book was included with the Sesame Street 40 Years of Sunny Days DVD box set which was released on the same day .
poke	May decides to use Skitty in the contest and Erica sends Jynx to show she 's going to use her .
poke	Ash asks Brock where the next Gym is , so Brock tells him it is in Mossdeep City .
muppet	Milligan also assisted Caroll Spinney in writing his autobiography The Wisdom of Big Bird . He spoke about the unique assignment in an interview `` The writing was challenging on that book because Caroll has a rather non-linear style of storytelling . It makes for great dinner conversation , but can be hard to form into chapters . But working with him was a pleasure . We ’ d meet every week at his favorite Italian restaurant , have some wine and risotto and he ’ d share his life with me , these incredible stories . ''
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , shocking Seviper and throws it onto Team Rocket ( who also got shocked ) , destroying their Meowth balloon .
starwars	Jade then returned to the palace to find Pakrie .
muppet	I just dont think theres enough space between the first and second line .
muppet	A one-shot comic based on Pigs in Space is the # 0 issue of the ongoing The Muppet Show Comic Muppet Show Comic Book published by BOOM Studios . It is written by series regular Roger Langridge with art by guest artist Shelli Paroline .
starwars	Xilxash
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 2301 , July 9 , 2010
starwars	Before the release of `` The Illustrated Star Wars Universe '' , Jhorn was indirectly referenced in an interview with Anderson for the `` Star Wars Insider 26 '' article `` The Write Stuff '' .
muppet	When Michael Davis , author of the 2008 book Street Gang , was asked , `` Whats the biggest misconception that people have about Sesame Street that youre hoping to dispel with this book ? , '' Davis responded , `` That Bert and Ernie are gay . ''
muppet	So in Muppets from Space , did Bill Barretta voice the Swedish Chef ? Dave Goelz was removed from the casting history . Is that the reason why ? --
muppet	File2 Days Until the Christmas Concert - Countdown with the 2 Days Until the Christmas Concert - Countdown with the Count ; who counts all the pipes in the Tabernacle organ
starwars	During the Galactic Civil War , the Shadow of the Alliance provided the Rebels with a cloak of tumultuous energy .
poke	Jessie and James try to get out of situation with Officer Jenny , claiming Meowth ate their cards .
poke	Combusken uses Fire Spin once more , gathering the flames and combining them together , in a fireball .
muppet	Ernest Pleth is the host of `` Wall Street Wonderings '' , whose program is interrupted by Spamela Hamderson in a bikini on Muppets Tonight Episode 107 Sandra episode 107 , in an attempt to boost the stations ratings and prevent a bomb detonation . His staid life as a middle-aged stock analyst is suddenly upended , as Spamelas gyrations release his inhibitions , and Ernest joins her in rhapsodic dance movements , Though Spamela soon tires , Ernest continues solo , as the repressed sense of youth and vitality lurking beneath his bespectacled exterior has bubbled over , causing a spontaneous strip . This continues when he urges guest star Sandra Bullock to `` take it all off . ''
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0322 , June 19 , 2010
poke	Ash spots something moving in trees , which , on closer inspection , is a Treecko .
starwars	Shriv Suurgav and Lando Calrissian went to a weapons factory there which should have been abandoned .
muppet	Victor the Episode 108 Rattlesnake
poke	Bulbasaur attacks with Razor Leaf , but the attack is deflected by Dustox 's Whirlwind .
starwars	If a customer passed Sulrowe 's inspection and intuition , they were invited to view the private stock by taking a turbolift to an access tunnel underground .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1619 , December 3 , 2009
muppet	Although the rights to Kermit the Frog are owned by the Walt Disney Company , and the rights to Sesame Street are owned by Sesame Workshop , Sesame Workshop currently has permission from Disney to show old Kermit segments in Sesame Street home video and DVD productions , Play with Me Sesame , The Sesame Street Podcast , and online . However , his segments are rarely shown in current episodes of the show . Kermit made his first new appearance on Sesame Street since the Disney buy-out in Episode the season 40 premiere , making a cameo in Elmos World Frogs .
poke	Nurse Joy appears and thinks the heroes are here for the Main Festival , where Illumise and Volbeat perform their dance .
poke	Corphish sees Ash and Pikachu are being hit by the Carvanha , for they protect Corphish .
muppet	Also , let me know if you can add any records to the page I started at Sandbox Used on Sam and Friends , or if you need help identifying anything you already know something about .
poke	Flannery explains Mr. Moore was a strong battler with his Typhlosion , but up until a while ago , he started writing Pokémon poetry .
poke	Jessie and James pass by May and Mudkip and fall down on the branch May and Mudkip were on earlier .
muppet	I got the information for this page from the CTW archives , and theres a sketch for this episode thats listed as `` Berts nap '' . Im not sure which sketch thats referring to -- I dont think its the one from episode 0235 about Ernie trying not to wake Bert up ; that doesnt look like a first season sketch . Is there a first season sketch about Bert taking a nap ? --
starwars	They were believed by Republic sources to be working as privateers for the Confederacy of Independent Systems , and made use of Longprow attack cruiser , # 2 Warpod pinnaces , and Z-95 Headhunter starfighters ; however they were completely routed and dispersed in 22 BBY at Vuchelle .
poke	She thinks Joshua and herself will win and split the ribbon into two pieces for each other .
poke	During the night , Ash , May , Max and Mr. Briney see Brock is still taking care of Sharpedo .
muppet	The album peaked at # 21 on the Billboard charts , and sold over 1 million copies the year of its release . It was subsequently reissued many times , first on Columbia as `` Sesame Street Original Cast Album '' , then as `` Sesame Street 1 Original Cast '' and then as a part of the 1977 `` Sesame Gold ! The Best of Sesame Street '' two-record set .
muppet	Found this picture of George Harrison and a Fisher Price Kermit Doll . Would this be something we could use in the article ? I know its pushing it , but given the nature of the Beatles , I thought we might be able to use it . --
muppet	I wish the search worked for finding things like that !
muppet	To make the evening even more special , the 730pm set will feature a couple of songs with special guest appearances by Wynton Marsalis and Elmo—everyone ’ s favorite furry red monster . We have a feeling they might even play a song or two together ! So make sure to claim your seat , and then come on down to the House of Swing for an evening of camaraderie and good-time tunes .
starwars	Although Tsoklo draws a utility vibroblade , he ultimately surrenders and pleads for mercy , only to find that the Empire does not have any .
poke	Corphish , unfortunately , digs out a pot , while Skitty smells some flowers she found .
poke	Erica sees both May and Joshua are in sync , thinking they are the perfect couple .
muppet	I dont know if anybody has ever noticed , but Harvey Kneeslapper seems to bare some resemblance to comedian Rip Taylor , specifically his appearance and his penchant for throwing glitter/confetti . -- User128.255.203.74 17 Feb 2006
poke	As everyone is hiding in the bushes , Lombre is dancing around the spring to summon Solrock .
poke	Jenny issued orders to her men , who have secured Rustboro City so that the man can not escape .
poke	Max states he and May are Norman 's children , making the fans wonder if Max would follow in his father 's footsteps .
poke	On December 5 , 2012 , 4Kids Entertainment announced that it had ended a dispute ( over the so-called Pokémon agreement ) with The Pokémon Company International under which TPCi will get a $ 1 million general unsecured claim against the debtor .
muppet	In 1999 , juice marketer Apple
muppet	Does anybody know when our 3-month experiment for making people sign in is over ? Have we gotten any word about how were doing ? --
poke	The battle was short as Ash 's Pikachu took out Wattson 's entire team with just one hit each .
starwars	Cliff-moss was a type of moss that was common on the planet Makeb .
muppet	Hey Ken . I see what you mean on what to place on publisher that it is not for record labels , but for sheet music . Thanks for letting me know since I thought publisher was something else . Anyway , I guess Ill talk to you later and hope you take care . -- Steven
poke	Jessie and Meowth are in shock and Max tells Ralts to blast them off with Psychic , which she does , as Jessie and Meowth are surprised James is n't blasting off with them .
starwars	Kelko also obtained a new personal ship , `` Dindoo 's Glory '' , in which he would take trips with his trusty old mechanic friend Weedo .
starwars	Felid Slin
starwars	Louis A. Solis is a graphic designer and the creative director for Acme Archives Direct .
muppet	Four Muppets Muppets characters are included in the second set of Pook-a-Looz toys -- Kermit the Frog , Animal , Fozzie Bear and Gonzo .
starwars	They were then able to enter hyperspace , now safe .
starwars	Arn Peralun 's master
muppet	I found this press photo caption on http//www.ebay.com/itm/1992-Press-Photo-Baby-Tooth-And-Fuzzy-Funk-Make-Dancing-Debut-On-Sesame-Street-/390479228059 ? pt=Art_Photo_Images
starwars	Vanto managed to contact the freighter 's crew by feigning interest in the weapons they had stolen from an Imperial base .
starwars	Braggan was a smuggler who stole the hyperspace astrogation buffer from an Arakyd Viper probe droid 's hyperspace jump pod .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 1506 , December 18 , 2010
muppet	Theres no mention of the Orangs in any of our other sources . Do you remember where you heard about them ?
muppet	Hi ! Just so you know , when we started formatting the Elmos World segments in full episode form , we settled on what to include and what not to include . The song at the end , which never changes and isnt a full segment
starwars	In space , Admiral Ackbar had started a withdrawal shortly after emerging from hyperspace .
starwars	In the ensuing fierce battle , although the Jedi put up an efficient fight against their enemy , the numbers of the former constantly diminished .
starwars	Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine , Vice Chair of the Senate Mas Amedda , Duchess Satine Kryze of Mandalore , and Jedi Masters Yoda and Mace Windu from the Jedi High Council were also in attendance as were several other senatorial colleagues including Riyo Chuchi , Orn Free Taa , and even Farr 's political rival , Mee Deechi .
starwars	Star Wars Series 2
poke	Torchic spots some fruit nearby and soon lots of Shroomish and Breloom appear , who want to defend their food .
starwars	Ryle Torsyn
starwars	Kala may refer to one of the following :
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 2333 , January 20 , 2011
muppet	Of the forty-three people who have served as Presidents to date , 18 have either been depicted , referenced , or in some cases , personally interacted or collaborated in Muppet projects . These office-holders are listed below , with the dates of their terms . For a complete roster , see List of Presidents of the United States
poke	Ash , Max , Marius arrive , glad Pikachu is free , but face the Team Magma members .
muppet	The season introduces a new parody segment , `` Cookies Crumby Pictures , '' placing the fuzzy and blue monster in various film spoofs that teach him to self-regulate . `` Elmo the Musical '' also returned this season , featuring five new episodes .
poke	She thinks of that moment , which brings her happiness , regardless if she won or lost .
poke	The heroes discuss how to help Swablu fly , so Max claims they have to use an alternate plan : to show that they need to use magic , much to everyone 's surprise .
poke	Sunflora ( aka Meowth ) uses Razor Leaf ( which are normal leaves ) , but Jynx freezes the leaves with Blizzard .
poke	A man on the ship states everything is fine , so Drake states that man is his first mate .
muppet	This page could use a plot description , a listing of songs , and other useful and interesting information that might be known . -- User Minor muppetz 1950 , 12 October 2006
poke	Since he was interested in catching a Treecko , since he saw in Professor Birch 's lab , Ash throws the Poké Ball to catch one , but the Treecko deflects it with his tail .
starwars	In 18 BBY , Hask aided Anora 's coverage of the Antar Atrocity by directing and producing holographic reenactments of the arrests and indiscriminate killings of civilians .
muppet	If you want to create a page for a song , just describe it . Thanks !
poke	Winona is amazed and confirms this match has just started , as she sends Pelipper .
starwars	While Caedus fought a Mandalorian team in the asteroid 's Strategic Planning Forum , Solo , perched in a nearby projection booth , found her brother within her QuietSnipe 's sights .
poke	Max claims he never met a Pokémon that would do that , so the men state Max is hopeless in this case .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the the Name of That Song ? page .
poke	As they begin to grab them , they see an enormous watermelon which begins to roll .
poke	The heroes go off to continue towards Mauville City , as Alyssa and Thatcher wave goodbye .
poke	May and Max are disguised as ghosts and come to Corphish , making it more and more frightened .
starwars	A human male co-pilot served in the Galactic Empire , being aboard the DS-1 Death Star Mobile Battle Station when it destroyed the planet Alderaan in 0 BBY .
muppet	Just saying that a couple of problems need to be fixed .
starwars	Several years later , in 5 ABY , Tagge went after the Great Life Jewels a second time in a new attempt to spread the Crimson Forever in the galaxy .
muppet	The bio on Michael Earl your article page says that you performed in `` The Muppets 20th Anniversary Special '' , but there was no such special . Do you know if the bio
muppet	I see a handful in there that I can probably do something about ; I recently started Reba McEntire , The Tavis Smiley Show , ‎Weirda , Mission to Mars , and some others based on this list , so at least its usable in the way it was intended .
poke	Brock , Max and Ash discuss traveling with Franklin , who admits he has been traveling around for some time .
starwars	While Hera , Ezra Bridger , and Chopper traveled to the Syndulla house , Cham , Numa , Glie , and the other Spectres attacked Imperial forces in the Tulara Ravine .
muppet	In Muppets from Space The Junior Novelization , the character had a speaking role during a scene that took place in C.O.V.N.E.T ..
starwars	He also played Vader in the 2011 fan film `` Hughes the Force '' , and reprised his Chad Vader voice in character for the RiffTrax commentary of and .
muppet	Pratos work has been used to illustrate various cookbooks , including Martha Martha Stewarts , as well as Stewarts gardening and woodworking books . She drew the map for the Brooklyn Botanical Garden and supplied maps for issues of National Geographic and Travel
muppet	Copy and paste the basic code on Through the Years pages , after first uploading the images you want to compare . If you need help formatting , myself or any other admin will be happy to . Then , when and if the page is deemed ready , we do a page move to make it an official page .
poke	Team Rocket attempts to convince Pikachu to get back , but soon learn that he got his memory back when Thunderbolt is used on them .
starwars	Je'daii Journeyer was a term which referred to a Force-sensitive who had finished their time at Padawan Kesh as a Padawan on Tython and were tasked with traveling to each of the nine Je'daii Temples of the Je'daii Order and mastering the skill sets of each institution as part of their Great Journey .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Graves page .
starwars	According to the `` Essential Atlas '' , the Hapes Consortium was a `` independent affiliate '' of the Galactic Empire , during the Empire 's rule over the galaxy .
muppet	Christopher Truswell voiced the Seyang Evran in the Farscape episode `` Episode 105 PK Tech PK Tech Girl '' .
poke	Max spots two people enjoying riding a Skarmory , so they go to the center to check it out .
muppet	A Christmas Treasury of Classics from Avon is a 1985 compilation of Christmas songs . `` The Twelve Days of Christmas '' , by John Denver and the Muppets , is included on the album , taken from the RCA Records album A Christmas Together John Denver and the Muppets A Christmas Together .
muppet	So , thats all . And thats just one more little ugly thing we dont have to look at . Scott
poke	Combusken dodges and attacks Chimecho with Sky Uppercut , defeating it and bashing it on Jessie 's head .
starwars	One-Eye was the nickname of an Ortolan male who attempted to claim the lost treasure of the Sith Lord Count Dooku on the planet Ponemah Terminal some time after the Battle of Endor .
muppet	MuppetToons were a series of digitally created shorts made in 2000 for the now-defunct MuppetWorld.com website . The shorts involved computer-rendered versions of the Muppet characters , performed by the puppeteers using the Henson Digital Performance System .
starwars	Before leaving , they broadcast an emergency signal so the crew could be rescued .
starwars	Following contact with the Republic , Oon Tien became a vital part of the Kathol sector , with manufacturing and agriculture being important parts of its industry .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0040 , September 29 , 2009
starwars	The Heat Sensor Trip was an automated heat detector produced by the SoroSuub Corporation .
poke	Ash sends Corphish , who attacks Torchic , but Torchic jumps , scratches Corphish and goes away .
muppet	In Episode 406 Linda episode 406 of The Muppet Show , Statler and Waldorf sings the line `` Should auld acquaintance be forgot ... '' at the end of the show . When Statler asks why hes singing it , Waldorf replies he forgot .
muppet	Hank Azaria , and Night at the Museum Battle of the Smithsonian , where he shared a scene with Oscar the Grouch .
muppet	In seasons 33 , the segments were shortened considerably , and the monsters would only do three or four of the activities . A brief clip of Monster Clubhouse can be seen in Sesame Streets 2002-2006 opening sequence . According to Sesame Street A Celebration - 40 Years of Life on the Street , `` It was an inspired idea , but kids didnt know the new Muppets and became confused , and the frentic pace of the segment raised concerns . The puppets Mooba , Mel , Narf , and Groogle literally bounced off the walls . ''
starwars	Whilst on Vardos , Kantayan , now under the alias Azen Novaren , maintained contact with Staven , who had become leader of the Dreamers at this point following Saw Gerrera 's death on Jedha .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1838 , April 16 , 2009
poke	James sends Cacnea ( who hugs him ) and Jessie sends her Seviper , while the woman sends Xatu .
starwars	Malsarr was a mineral .
muppet	The Late Late Show with James Corden is a late night talk show hosted by James Corden that first premiered on CBS in 2015 . The popularity of the shows various recurring segments led to the creation of the spin-off series Carpool Karaoke The Carpool Karaoke and Drop the Mic .
poke	Skitty uses Assist again , turning to Silver Wind , causing Corphish to turn into an ice statue .
poke	Drew asks her if she won any ribbons , but May becomes nervous , as she has none .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 2240 , 19 February 2006
starwars	Delindras Axt was a female spheroids player .
poke	Volbeat uses Double Edge , destroying the container and setting Volbeat , Ash and Pikachu free , who are dizzy from the spinning inside .
poke	Ash advises Treecko it should imagine to bounce from rock to rock as if they were trees .
muppet	Awhile back , User added a cast list , with two unverifiable items `` Elany Del Vecchio as Palhacu '' and `` Tereza Christina . '' If Chris , or anyone , can offer a source for these items , which dont appear in any Brazilian websites or any other cast list Ive found for the show so far , it would be useful . --
muppet	Looks like were all wikiing today ! Ive got records spread all over the house again , and I love it ! --
starwars	While Kallus received training in unarmed combat from his time at the Imperial Academy , he was outmatched by Grand Admiral Thrawn in combat .
starwars	Matrik , a Twi'lek and former member of the exchange who betrayed Davik .
starwars	Thus Taris would remain hell for another ten years .
muppet	The song parodies `` The Ballad of Sweeney Todd '' from the Stephen Sondheim musical , Sweeney Todd The Demon Barber of Fleet Street .
muppet	Are these sources reliable ?
starwars	Tolium was a type of blaster gas , often found in solid form .
poke	While Tommy is searching for Marshtomp , the heroes are consuming the food and drinks Tommy gave to them .
poke	Ash , Elisa and Trapinch go to find Pikachu and see May , Max and Brock falling down .
starwars	The A-5 envirosuit was an enviro-suit created by Malik Technologies .
poke	The heroes are not certain if Absol was to attack , but Ash does n't believe a Pokémon would attack without any reason .
starwars	The scavenger was surprised to discover that Ren was , in fact , a young human male .
starwars	Crystal Wright is both an actress and engineer that is associated with several Star Wars games .
starwars	The Imperial Valorous Services Medal was an Imperial medal awarded to individuals who conducted daring rescue operations .
starwars	After a significant victory at Coruscant , the Sith forced the Republic to sign the Treaty of Coruscant , which effectively divided the galaxy into two spheres of control .
poke	He sees Ash as a potential trainer as long as he is not arrogant or does n't fear of losing .
poke	Ash gets upset for losing his badges , but the man , who introduces himself as `` the great Sullivan '' and `` the fishing god '' , promises he will get the badges back .
poke	Max asks Meowth how can he speak , so Meowth makes a flashback where he met Meowzie and had to impress her , but in the end she got away .
muppet	Kermit I like a lot of the songs weve sung over the years , but I also like all sorts of music . We have lots of great funk in Muppets from Space — and thats really fun to listen to .
poke	Team Rocket unfreezes themselves and are very angry about being frozen , but Meowth reminds them they are hungry and should eat first .
starwars	Matt Talon was a Human male who served as a light scout trooper in the First Sun Mobile Regiment mercenary organization during the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	In the aftermath of the Imperial attack , Keyan decided to move to the Agamarian capital of Calna Muun and join the fledgling Agamar Resistance .
starwars	Weez
muppet	Only one of the verses is from the original song , the other two were written specifically for this sketch . Do we know who wrote the newer lyrics ? —
muppet	Hi I just want to tell you that you are not allowed to blank out or remove content on the talk pages . Henrik
muppet	Hey , Scott . The active talk pages are piling up again , with some backlogged from two weeks ago . When you get a chance , please weigh in on Category talk Street Specials and Movies Guest Stars . The conversation seems to pretty much be you and me , though , but Id like to clear it up , since that incredibly unwieldy category title niggles at me . --
muppet	I think the quotes page is ready to go .
muppet	Hi , Emma ! Do you have a source for the trivia added to Episode 302 Leo Sayer ? Scott
starwars	Cloudside Resorts are mentioned in `` '' in a letter the player receives from Vette if they have romanced her .
starwars	Ultimately , the Galactic Empire released Kitster , because they believed him to be harmless .
poke	He states the orb absorbed into Pikachu was made to let Groudon ask Pikachu to help it fight Kyogre .
starwars	The AF Double Strobe Shield Generator was a deflector shield generator manufactured by Verdrellig .
muppet	Paynter began his film career in the 1950s , on documentary shorts about British industry . He first teamed with Winner in 1969 , on Hannibal Brooks , and remained with the director on nine more movies , including the 1979 remake of Raymond The Big Sleep . With John Landis , Paynter worked on such projects as An American Werewolf in London , the Michael Jackson music video Thriller , and Trading Places . In two other Landis films where he served as cinematographer , Paynter was one of several filmmakers and technicians making on-camera cameo appearances as a security guard in Into the Night and as Dr. Gill in Spies Like Us .
starwars	With the Imperial presence revealed , the planetary governor , Galleros Nul , was convinced to join the New Republic .
starwars	Much to the surprise of the Resistance 's commanders , the First Order managed to track them through lightspeed and quickly caught up with them and attacked after the `` Raddus '' and other vessels exited hyperspace .
muppet	News hit last June that Elmo , Oscar and Grover would be seen on an eighth season episode . A http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=fjhgV3jyYd4 video promo recently started airing on ABC to promote the season with what is obviously a Muppet . Anyone know anything more ? Could it be the same episode , or something else ? Scott
poke	Ash is glad they are back together and asks of them to move on , since he does not want to waste time going to Fortree City for the next Gym battle .
starwars	Keben Park
muppet	According to Vogels http//www.toughpigs.com/interview-sesame-streets-matt-vogel/ interview on ToughPigs , he hasnt done Oscar . Plus Im sure that over the past 40 years there have been several puppeteers who have filled in for Spinneys Oscaring duties when the Bird and Grouch appear in the same scene . Vogel and Martin werent even around for the first 25+ years of the show .
muppet	Hi , Danny ! When I was over Andrews house last month , we were talking about the stats , and I was wondering if I could update them whenever Wikia does their update . If youd rather have only admins work on it , I understand , but I just wanted to ask you , since Im on here almost every night , and I know you guys are busy with all kinds of other things right now . Let me know what you think . Thanks ! --
poke	Max recalls it is an honor to be a Pokémon League Judge , as it requires a lot of effort and hard work to do .
muppet	In 2013 , Herry made his first speaking appearance in a decade at the From Broadway With Love benefit concert , where he was performed by Tyler Bunch . Since 2015 , Peter Linz has been cast in the role .
poke	Per Caroline 's proposal , Ash joins for them lunch and admits he has been traveling with friends around the regions , which Norman approves of .
poke	Taillow strikes again and again , but Machop is undamaged due to its high endurance , as Machop simply absorbs the attacks .
muppet	In his autobiography The Wisdom of Big Bird , Caroll Spinney recalled looking at a Little Golden Book `` Surrounding a list of other Little Golden Books titles was a border fashioned from a curving musical staff . Dancing along with the musical notes were Minnie Minnie and Mickey Mouse , Donald Donald and Daisy Duck , Snow White and Dopey , Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam -- and Big Bird and Oscar the Oscar . These were my characters , perfectly cartooned , dancing with my favorite cartoon characters from childhood ... The My God ! I said . Ive gotten up there with Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse ! ''
starwars	The body was sturdily built and covered in thick , brown and silver ferroceramic armor .
starwars	After much research , they went to Belsavis in order to awake the sleeping army called the Esh-kha .
starwars	The Engines section contained all of the technicians needed to run the engines and much of the other equipment in the propulsion module .
poke	When Tommy was a Coordinator , he met Mrs. Grimm and married her , but she could n't allow Pokémon to enter the mansion , as she hated them .
poke	Ash still wants the final badge , for Brock points out the Sootopolis City Gym is what stands in his way for the Hoenn League .
starwars	In short term , Tramsig was unable to serve as police force , but he nevertheless disturbed the local traffic , gaining the population 's scorn .
starwars	After Syn 's flirtations and some further discussion , Admiral Gar Stazi himself appeared to negotiate .
muppet	Rodriguez began his screen career in the 1980s , initially often typecast as gang members or thugs . He recurred in the third season of Hill Street Blues , with a part credited as `` Doper '' gradually becoming minor named character Rico , whose substance issue struggles occupied a story arc . He played other crooks and killers in Cobra .
muppet	Daughter Emily Hubley followed in her parents footsteps , directing several animated projects of her own , including Sesame Street material . In 2003 , the Hubleys were the focus of the PBS documentary Independent Spirits The John and Faith Hubley Story .
muppet	Official Description Let Kermit the Frog keep you warm and happy this winter season with this super soft fleece throw from The Muppets . Youll enjoy the comfy , warm feeling of being completely surrounded in a blanket , and still have the freedom to use your hands . Its the blanket with hands !
poke	Max is amazed by his father , as Caroline points out Norman 's strategy changed , due to Ash 's determination .
poke	Meanwhile , May is training her Beautifly for the contest , ordering it to use Silver Wind .
poke	Bart shows her the work she could do : transferring data from books to the computer .
poke	Max and May are glad they got the fruit , while Ash points out everyone loves Grovyle .
poke	May remembers during the Grand Festival Abby 's Skitty joggled balls , gaining 30 points in the contest and later defeating everyone in the battles .
starwars	While Emperor Darth Krayt chided Maladi for her failure , she revealed to Krayt that she was confident a new chance to assassinate Fel would come , this time from within his own ranks .
starwars	If the player chooses to save Dia 's life for the light side course , he/she has to convince Holdan to drop the bounty .
starwars	Identifying the subsequent hypermatter trail , Captain Tabor Seitaron and Prelate Verge of the Galactic Empire had Imperial officers aboard their `` Imperial II '' -class Star Destroyer , the `` Herald '' , to liaise with Imperial forces to attack the 61st .
poke	The latter refuses to enter , but seeing a Coordinator with a Persian , he remembers the boss ' Persian , so Meowth decides to enter , being fired all up from the fury .
starwars	Rucklin 's plan worked , and he thanked Gaava and Wiles for their work .
muppet	Please stop re-uploading this image . The 300 px version without a black bar down one size is plenty big and looks better than the one you keep replacing it with . Thanks . --
starwars	They displayed their powers to Ra , who approved of them and then sent them to join the Shadow Academy .
starwars	Leave in warm place until doubled .
muppet	Does anyone know anything about Gayles `` traumatizing '' experience interviewing Miss Piggy
starwars	Versio apartment
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1617 , February 17 , 2011
starwars	The latter was able to defeat the Jedi Master , knocking her unconscious .
muppet	So that leaves the question , who ? My initial hypothesis , from the first ad posted , was Allen Swift , who was a staple of New York VO work , but unlike the Sesame inserts , not quite as instantly recognizable , so I was waiting . Anyway , listen to it below
muppet	When the Muppet designers created the `` Land of Gorch '' characters for Saturday Night Live , Henson insisted on giving them taxidermy eyes -- realistic-looking glass eyes used for stuffing animals . The eyes lent a more naturalistic look to the characters , contrasting with their general abstract nature .
poke	Nurse Joy fears Wailord will get seriously sick if it is not returned to the ocean .
starwars	Kneesaa says the line after seeing a strange light and hearing somebody ( actually Morag ) singing in a cave .
starwars	Capital ship
poke	Team Rocket leaves , having `` repaired '' the machine and proceed to next part of their plan .
muppet	This article isnt really much of an article , and I think Goelz deserves better . Theres lots of good stuff here , especially with the quotes , but it would be better if they were arranged as an actual biographical piece . Anybody want to take a crack at it ? --
poke	Ash thinks it is no big deal to get someone to like someone else , but May shrugs and claims that 's what a man says .
starwars	After Temmin spotted the cable linking the stasis pods to the power generator , Jas and Han managed to destroy the cable with their guns .
starwars	A Jedi training academy was also founded on the planet no later than 990 BBY , specializing in data collection and analysis .
poke	Timmy 's mother , Mrs. Grimm is being driven in the car and sees a woman giving her daughter a Poochyena , making Mrs. Grimm think about it .
poke	Luvdisc then uses Sweet Kiss , but Corphish dodges and attacks with Bubble Beam , but Luvdisc dives into the water and avoids the attack .
starwars	Eventually , Farsands became the headquarters of the Union .
poke	James attempts to run away , but the real Gardevoir and Kirlia stand before him , blasting him off with Psychic as well .
poke	Meowth imagines the boss with the pearl , having it as a ring or on a crown , even if James reminds him those were his plans when they encountered the Spoink .
muppet	Basic rule of thumb is dont annoy people . If youve sent two messages and no response , wait longer or forget about it or ask someone else .
starwars	Minder of Weak Wills
starwars	Meanwhile , Ezra asks Ahsoka about Yoda , saying that Kanan described him as a small , green , and wise Jedi Master , but that he did not know what he was like .
starwars	Disillusioned with the Senate 's complacency and regulations , Leia formed the Resistance , a paramilitary outfit aimed at protecting the Republic .
poke	Brock wonders if Gulpin would be still oversized , but Jacuzzi says that it shrinks to its own size .
starwars	Unbeknownst to Fox , Turmond was murdered by the fallen Jedi Barriss Offee , whose distorted views led her to commit acts of betrayal and terrorism .
starwars	Lah , despite his initial misgivings concerning Kraal and his guerrilla tactics , was impressed at the amount of intelligence the pilot had garnered .
starwars	Talisman of ensnarement
muppet	In addition to his moral concerns , Sam considers himself the arbiter of taste and sole judge of culturally enriching acts and performers . His actual knowledge is incredibly limited , however . In Episode 213 Rudolf episode 213 , he praises guest star Rudolf Nureyev as his favorite opera singer . When informed that Nureyev is a ballet dancer , Sam shrugs , and notes that `` culture is culture '' ; he subsequently fails to recognize Nureyev in street clothes , and has him thrown out . Similarly , in Episode 312 James episode 312 , he nearly walks out yet again , until Rowlf the Rowlf tells him that hell miss the dogs salute to Beethoven . Sam eagerly announces that hell stay for Beethoven , his favorite playwright .
poke	May realizes they have been praising Grovyle , so Corphish wanted prove itself .
muppet	Puppet Performers
muppet	I did some clean-up on this article , since now in September 2007 , absolutely nothing official has been announced . The only two cited sources were a Muppet News Flash post , with vague references to `` word from sources close to the show , '' and a Muppet Central post by a fan . This close to the date , Im rather skeptical , and re-phrased everything as a rumor . Come October , if nothing further is announced , Id be inclined to delete this page , since looking it over , it strikes me as possible that the whole thing is nothing but wishful fan thinking
starwars	The weapons cost 2,000 credits .
poke	Team Rocket has captured some of the Pokémon , but Meowth spots Max and the Poochyena .
poke	Ash sends Corphish to battle , who uses Crabhammer , but is quickly defeated with Swampert 's Iron Tail .
muppet	Hey Nick -- we shouldnt really direct `` Big Bird gets lost '' to the book page
poke	However , Pikachu retaliates with Iron Tail , damaging Camerupt in its face Suddenly , Vicky 's family puts some security hats on , claiming things will be hot .
starwars	Cham then fired upon the bomber , triggering an explosion that also engulfed the nearby light cruiser .
starwars	After Ezra convinced Hera to let him have another go at reasoning with Mart , R3 accepted help from Sabine Wren and Chopper to repair the hyperdrive .
muppet	Joanna Krupa is a Polish-American model and actress . She has appeared in magazines ranging from Playboy to ENVY , and her acting credits include CSI Crime Scene Investigation , ER , Tim Tim Burtons remake of Planet of the Apes , and she was a contestant on season nine of Dancing with the Stars .
muppet	The theme for this season is about race , about getting along , and appreciating everyones similarities and differences .
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail and Cacnea with Pin Missile , but the attacks are negated by Houndoom 's Flamethrower .
muppet	Eber has also served as a producer on many Muppet web projects , including The Muppets Kitchen with Cat Cora , Muppet viral the Muppets YouTube videos , the `` The Muppet Show Muppet Show Theme '' music video with OK Go , several Toyota Highlander videos , Disneys Muppisodes , and promotional material for both The Muppets The Muppets and Muppets Most Wanted .
muppet	What does everyone think about starting such a page ? -- User Minor muppetz 0450 , 13 December 2006
starwars	Your Lightsaber and You
poke	Birch feels it is best for the Pokémon and the trainer to know what the Pokémon should evolve into .
muppet	Was this primarily a dub , or were any of the Street scenes original ? -- Zanimum 1352 , 12 May 2006
starwars	In 32 BBY , Kleef fought to liberate his homeworld from the invading forces of the Trade Federation during the Battle of Naboo , and he survived the conflict .
muppet	Hi Max ! I saw your question on Talk Ballad of Casey McPhee . Heres a cool wiki tip for you if you end your posts with four tildes
poke	Ash , Max and Brock refuse , since they accomplished much and even Ash saw a red horn amidst the sand .
starwars	Shortly after , Kreia healed his most serious wounds , saving his life , cursing him with another life debt that Hanharr had no choice but to accept .
muppet	Together with bird Tiffy , he was one of the first two local Muppets on Sesamstrasse , and remained a regular character until 2010 . Episodes featuring the character as a regular re-aired until 2014 . Samson had his latest appearances in a series of live performances with International Ernie , International Bert and the Norddeutscher NDR radio philharmonic orchestra in the winter of 2013 ,
starwars	The letter was recovered aboard `` Purge '' after its occupants were decimated by the plague and it was released to the public for academic purposes in relation to the history of `` Purge '' .
muppet	Previously banned as User , User --
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-05-12T202226
starwars	Able survived the attack , although he broke his ankle , sustained an injury to the head , and was knocked unconscious .
muppet	Landaus other credits range from James Masons sinister henchman Leonard in Alfred Hitchcocks North by Northwest and guest spots on Columbo , Gunsmoke , The Outer Limits , and Without a Trace . Science fiction fans remember him best as Commander John Koenig on Space 1999 .
poke	Arriving in Rubello Town , May finds Drew , who is going to participate in the Contest .
poke	Skarmory uses Drill Peck , destroying the machine and blasting Team Rocket off .
muppet	Sal gets up and massages Dave `` Relax , relax ... Okay ... Nyaaaaaa ! '' Sal breaks Daves neck , which seems to help . Then they all sit down again .
poke	When they wake up , May and Alanna laughs at one another , but Ash explains Jigglypuff 's Sing causes them to be asleep and , since it gets annoyed everyone went to sleep and did not hear its song , Jigglypuff draws on their faces .
poke	The older woman proposes 4-on-4 battle , but the heroes remind Max is too young to own Pokémon .
muppet	Scott was spoofed by Rizzo the Rat in the 1999 calendar Muppet Movie Parodies Our Wedding or Your Funeral , in Ratton .
muppet	David Rudman
poke	Ash thinks he could face against Steven someday , to which Kennedy has no doubt .
poke	Later , as Jessie and Meowth are touched by the good ending of the movie , James comments how they 'd be when they 'd see a sad ending .
starwars	Entering Anchorhead 's Czerka office , Revan witnessed an angry Duros named Dayso Cooh storm out after a heated conversation with the Czerka representative .
muppet	As far as I can remember , the quote about taking care of each other and loving each other was from a letter written by Henson a year before his death to his family . I believe that the family shared this letter at the NY memorial , because the wording seemed also to apply to the larger `` Muppet family '' and `` Muppet tribe ''
muppet	I presume references to the Muppets , Sesame Street are too dime-a-dozen to matter ? There were a few in recent weeks . -- Zanimum 1746 , December 1 , 2009
starwars	These recommendations were provocative , leading to a challenge by Councilor Borsk Fey'lya that Na'al rebuffed .
poke	Swellow tries once more , disappears in a moment and this time it hits the target , learning Aerial Ace properly .
muppet	As Rowlfs signature theme plays , Jimmy Dean announces that this time its not to introduce his ol buddy . Its to herald a new hero at whose name the underworld trembles Batdog !
muppet	Whats the right way to write these titles ?
poke	Max sees Nicholai , in disguise , spreading some fruit to attract the Zigzagoon .
poke	May wonders if Kelly experimented or did her mom give the recipes , so Kelly says that mother did n't give any recipe , leaving Kelly to experiment , and is how she found out Grumpig 's favorite Pokéblock .
starwars	His Phase II armor bore the wolf 's head and gray colors shared by all of the Wolfpack , but was personalized with ragged gray markings under the eyes of his helmet .
poke	Brock rushes to get to Juliet , but May and Max stop him , as she and Romeo need practice for the Festival .
poke	Just as Jessie takes her Poké Ball back , her Wobbuffet comes out , causing the branch to snap and making Team Rocket fall down .
starwars	At that point , they discovered that a homing beacon had been planted on Thanas—their hideout was about to be surrounded and invaded .
starwars	Carth Onasi is a companion character in `` Knights of the Old Republic '' , and his tendency to give long responses to short questions is repeated in `` Days of Fear '' .
muppet	In 1999 , American Greetings acquired Gibson Greetings , which had also produced Sesame Street and Muppet products in the late 80s and early 90s .
poke	Team Rocket barges in and after failing to catch Armaldo , Armaldo goes on a rampage .
poke	Many Relicanth appear from the ship , seeing that this is their habitat they happily live in .
poke	It bashes itself on a column , as it is confused , despite Ash warning it not to .
starwars	Although Lucas was credited as author of the book , it was later revealed that the book was actually by Alan Dean Foster , who would also write `` Splinter of the Mind 's Eye '' , the first original `` Star Wars '' novel and , in many respects , the first `` Star Wars '' sequel .
starwars	Mirax continued to use the `` Pulsar Skate '' after her marriage to Rogue Squadron pilot Corran Horn , establishing herself primarily as an interstellar art dealer .
poke	At the Pokémon Center , the women leave , reminding the Coordinator of the list of chores , since all MFP members are mothers .
poke	Oak wonders where Ash and Brock are and Joshua , Birch 's assistant , reports they rode in Birch 's car to pick Professor Birch at the port .
starwars	They were taken to the brig .
starwars	Autem 's dedication to his work and the Republic took a toll on his family , however , distancing his wife Sula and making his son Reymet resentful .
muppet	In 2011 , the town of Leland renamed the Broad Street Bridge over Deer Creek `` The Rainbow Connection , '' after Rainbow the song from The Muppet Movie . Large , green Kermit-shaped Feet and footprints ( or `` frogtracks '' are painted along the road leading from the bridge to the `` Birthplace of the Frog An Exhibit of Jim Hensons Delta Boyhood '' exhibit .
muppet	Halinska is the babushka of Mama Duck on Bear in the Big Blue House . She is the inspiration for the name of Mamas new baby Hallie in Episode 406 When Harry Met Hallie .
muppet	I have read that Telly first appeared on the show in 1979 . Though it doesnt say that here
starwars	Flamestrike Legion
muppet	Starting with this book , Ive created a format similar to the episode listings that I think should work well . Ill try to follow this format with other books and Ill go in later and add it to the existing ones as time permits . Any thoughts or suggestions on the format are welcome . Agent0042 2327 , 6 February 2006
muppet	Can you figure out what Fishbird is editing ? Hes using the Wysiwyg editor , which changes the formatting and makes it hard to tell what hes actually changed on the page . Is he doing helpful things , or messing things up ? --
muppet	Two scenes feature Jack Galvin watching The Muppet Show . Just before his son Billy whistles outside the window of his apartment , Jack is watching Kermit the Frog fire Miss Piggy in Episode 502 Loretta episode 502 . When his wife comes to answer the call , Jack pretends to be asleep and she turns the TV off . Later , while recuperating with a broken arm , Jack falls asleep with the television on , showing the phrenology act from Episode 216 Cleo episode 219 . His wife switches the set off right after Fozzie Fozzie declares Kermit is a very flexible person . He protests , `` Hey , I was watching that ! ''
poke	Seeing a plaquette of Norman , the heroes see Norman is more famous than before , so Ash is more confident to battle him .
poke	Ash proposes to May they could both go to the Gym , but May runs off , `` needing to take care of a few things first '' , confusing Ash .
poke	May chopped the berries and puts them in the blender , then presses a button to determine how well they are mixed together .
starwars	However , the Empire was not gone .
poke	After returning to Mauville City , the gang decide to visit Wattson at his Gym .
muppet	Mix and Match is a Sesame Street video game produced by the Childrens Computer Workshop for the Apple Apple operating system and Atari in 1982 . In the game , players can mix and match the body parts of Sesame Street characters . It retailed for $ 50 .
muppet	Hey , Wendy ! I saw your new entry for the Golden/Wonderland cover album . Something has been bothering me , and I wanted to ask you , since you seem to be the one most active in the same field with me . Are we going to try to get every cover record thats on a childrens label ? We havent even really talked about the many 45s that go to the cover albums . Do you think thats beyond the scope of what were doing ? Im not always sure how thorough on Sesame Street we should be , since some of it was produced by people totally independent of the Muppets . As a record collector , I love seeing all the new stuff were finding . But I was wondering how you felt about putting all the records done by other kids labels . --
poke	They decide to accompany him to find an old ship , which is told to have lots of treasure on it .
starwars	Pammant was first mentioned in `` '' , a `` Star Wars '' Legends reference book written by Curtis Saxton and illustrated by Hans Jenssen and Richard Chasemore that was released on in 2005 .
poke	They are certain Drew is entering the Contest , but Drew denies , for he wo n't enter this time .
muppet	Just to be clear Im not asking what the name is a reference too , Im asking for an instance where he was called `` Otis . ''
poke	However , Jessie and James are eating sandwiches and do not want to capture it yet , making Meowth annoyed .
muppet	Additionally , a The iTunes podcast was launched April 2013 , featuring past Sesame Street outreach videos and new content pertaining to their `` Amazing in All See Amazing in All Children '' and `` Words Are Here , There , and Everywhere '' initiatives .
muppet	We built Oz Category Oz Films as a way to house articles on Frank Ozs non-Muppet work because Muppet fans are somewhat interested in Ozs post-Muppet career . And there are some neat connections ; Frank was kind of the # 2 guy next to Jim Henson ; and ocasionally a reviewer or critic will mention Ozs Muppet career in their analysis of a film . However in the past 3 years those pages havent really grown or taken off . And Im not sure they really fit in the scope of the wiki anymore .
muppet	Ive added this page to Muppet companies , even though it technically has no relation to the Muppets . The only other cats I find relevant are Licensees
starwars	While his ability initially put him at a disadvantage when facing non-living opponents , as he weakened himself by trying to draw on nonexistent emotions , he learned to overcome his weakness and became just as proficient in fighting droids as any other Sith .
muppet	Got a new username User Goldpot 2. havent made edits on my past account for a year , Woah .
starwars	After the battle , Harkov was contacted on a priority comlink channel as the investigation into who was selling Imperial equipment continued .
poke	Brock and Max see Ash did not think Ludicolo was that powerful , while May sees she will miss her lunch .
muppet	Whats the source for this title , or the series in general ? Danny created it as a stub , and Dean added the detail that it was Indonesian dubbed . But with no dates or other info , its pretty sketchy . Googling turns up just pages which either regurgitate this page , or Wikipedia . The show isnt mentioned in G is for Growing , suggesting that either the dub occurred after 1999 , or it was overlooked . Or possibly it doesnt even exist . This doesnt seem as extreme as Piazza Sesamo , and there have been many dubs in the `` Open Sesame '' format , but still , it would be nice to have some reliable verification of this . --
poke	Brock sees it is what made Pikachu quite powerful to defeat Wattson 's Pokémon with one hit .
poke	Team Aqua appear , so Ash sends Torkoal , who uses smoke , distracting the Team Aqua Grunts , allowing the heroes to exit out of the building .
poke	Corphish jumps out and uses Crabhammer to hit Hariyama , then goes back in the water .
muppet	I placed this article on Timeout last week in response to the confusion discussed below . Are we any closer to a consensus on this ? Scott
poke	Grovyle , however , decides to continue battling and triggers its ability , Overgrow , to improve Grass attacks .
starwars	Spice wine
muppet	The Sinclairs vacation at WESAYSOLAND , known for its lovable mascot , Moola the Cash Cow . The family is engulfed in the usual horrors and frustrations associated with amusement parks unbearably long lines , rides that arent working or are under construction , overpriced merchandise , food , hotels , etc . Miserable , the Sinclairs decide to leave , but discover they are trapped since they purchased a 14-day vacation package . Instead of returning to the park , the family stay in the hotel and bond . Much to their surprise , they find they actually enjoy each others company .
starwars	There were several other transport tubes besides the main one , but it had access to the Imperial dock , reserved for military personnel during the time of the Galactic Empire .
muppet	Also , a bureaucrat in http//www.eltiempo.com/entretenimiento/tv/ARTICULO-WEB-NEW_NOTA_INTERIOR-12953318.html this article talks about `` pornography , sexting , grooming and cyber-dependency , among others '' . I presume that the show doesnt address these directly ? -- Zanimum
poke	However , the leaks grow larger and the submarine gets swept away by the underwater current .
muppet	Bye !
starwars	Despite significant losses , Kota 's troops held their ground against the Imperials while Starkiller fought Vader in a lightsaber duel at the top of the city spire .
muppet	Palisades Toys was a manufacturer of various media-related action figure lines , geared to the collectors market . The company received the rights to produce Muppet Action Muppet Action Figures and Palisades Mini mini figures from 2001-2005 . The company also ran the Palisades Collectors Club , which offered members exclusive figures and was founded after collectors complained that it was too difficult to obtain the rare Vanishing Cream Beaker Action Figure .
poke	Treecko is missing , but Pikachu spots him on the tree , who is thinking of something .
muppet	On March 6 , 2005 , the Muppets helped the team rebuild the home of the Harris family , who have the first ever set of surviving African-American sextuplets . The Harris home was damaged by Hurricane Ivan , and Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy , Fozzie Bear and Animal appeared on the show to pitch in . The Muppets also appeared the next night on Extreme Makeover Home Edition - Howd They Do That ? with more clips of their time at the work site .
muppet	Edith Kunhardt .
poke	Brock , Max and Ash scold her for not checking the deadline , but May only wishes to arrive in time , as she runs off .
starwars	After returning from the mission to Tralus , Antilles took over the squadron , with Janson continuing to be a part of the squadron even after its reorganization .
muppet	Alright , so I might as well start a discussion about this . So , the claim was recently made that the reason that Count von Counts page has `` Sesame Street '' in the title for `` Search Engine Optimization '' , and that other rumor articles like the `` Is Ernie Dead ? '' page dont bother to mention Sesame Street in the tile because it should be clear since there is only one Ernie . Thats a pretty moot point , since there is only ONE Count on Sesame Street , just as there is only one Ernie . The claim was also made that the Ernie page is older was created before `` we knew what we were doing '' . Well , thats hardly an excuse . All in all , SEO is a fair point , but Im not sure how necessary it is . I was not under the impression that the Count rumor was even that popular . Ultimately , I think these things should be consistent . So , any thoughts ? Whatever decision is made , Im fine with it , but I wanted to bring this Gonzofan 1917 , May 23 , 2012
muppet	Hey , Matt ! Take another look at Talk Piece . Id like to remove the talkbox if youre satisifed , as the tactegorys getting full up again . If not , give me a specific so we can discuss it , whether a re-phrasing is in order . I double checked , and in fact , almost nothing is interpreted without specific screen evidence
muppet	I just ran across this page , and it mystifies me . Where was this used ? I wouldve assumed this was just a Photoshop fake . --
starwars	Around 32 BBY , the ringmaster had a run in with Jedi Masters Mace Windu and Depa Billaba when an illegal smuggling ring of akk dogs was traced back to him .
muppet	Also , I havent moved any uncited sketches from seasons 1-5 yet as there are many more in those pages , and I didnt want to overload Dates Unknown any more than it is . But more than half the sketches in each of the season 1-5 pages are still uncited . They could be in the right place , who knows ? —
poke	However , he could n't hide the secret for too much and has hidden the costume .
starwars	The Prefect did not put his posting to Tatooine down to coincidence , either , as he was convinced that his superiors had given him a poor assignment just to spite him .
poke	Nicholai is knocked out , but stands up , as Ash points out Seviper can use its tail quite fast .
starwars	He was an experienced administrator and a freelance consultant .
starwars	Dark Empire II 1 : Operation Shadow Hand
poke	Meowth thinks they 'll get promoted and while James doubts that , Jessie states they should steal it , anyway .
poke	Gorebyss uses Agility and Huntail with Bite , but the latter gets deflected away .
poke	Jessie is left in tough position , so Meowth transforms into Kirlia ( even if standing on top of his feet and raising his arms up is aching him ) .
muppet	According to Oscar the Oscar , the two were also quite fond of one another . Said Oscar in a Life magazine article
poke	Meowth , however , thinks Chimecho will faint , since Double Edge causes the attack to take a part of the damage as well .
muppet	In a 2011 interview , James Bobin revealed that early scripts included a different ending , where its revealed that Tex Richman was really Kermit in a human suit , having made up Texs plans so that the Muppets would get back together .
muppet	In dubbing , Novák has lent his voice to Warwick Davis in Star Solo A Star Wars Story , Toby Jones in By the Gun , Andrew Lincoln on The Walking Dead , and Daniel Dae-Kim on Lost . Cartoon roles include Squidward on SpongeBob SquarePants and Cletus and the squeaky-voiced teen on The Simpsons .
starwars	Meniscus
poke	Having earned the Dynamo Badge , Ash is going to the next Gym , but wonders where it is .
starwars	The A'Mar were created by Morrie Mullins for the roleplaying adventure `` The Wellspring '' .
poke	Before Max could explain , the boy accuses Max wants to steal museum 's exhibits .
muppet	Berts Game is a 1982 Sesame Street matching card game made by Western Publishing . The cards all represent something that Bert loves -- paper clips , his striped shirt , pigeons , Figgy Fizz bottlecaps , books of Berts Boring Stories . The object of the game is to match sets of four cards ; the player who collects the most sets wins .
poke	Jenny explains in Hoenn , there are two criminal organizations , Team Aqua and Team Magma .
muppet	Looking over the skits where he is given a name , it seems like this was given to him in the early 80s . Which makes me question if we know for sure this is the same character or just a generic Anything Monster given the name which could have just been pulled out of a hat ? Should we just unhighlight the page for Maurice on the episode and take out the mention or keep it for now ? Im fine e with either choice .
starwars	The Phase I dark trooper was the earliest dark trooper and was little more than a lightsaber-resistant phrik skeletal frame equipped with a vibrosword attached to its right arm , and a blast shield on its left .
starwars	In 9 ABY , however , approximately two years after the capture of Coruscant , reports started to reach the New Republic of a Grand Admiral commanding the Imperial fleet .
starwars	The ship was then attacked by Rebel raiders and was destroyed .
poke	Due to Zangoose being Seviper 's natural enemy , Ash decides to help Nicholai in training , to let Zangoose defeat Seviper .
starwars	It was an accepted medium of exchange throughout the Galactic Empire , and there were harsh punishments for not accepting Imperial currency , whether or not the credit was considered a good risk .
starwars	Led by two OOM commanders , the battalion had difficulty navigating through coral , compelling the commander designated 224 to abandon the AATs .
starwars	They protested , stating the Force could not tell them that .
starwars	Zi-Kree Sector , or Sector 4805 , was one of the many sections of the planet-wide city sprawling across the face of Coruscant .
muppet	The planet is seen in the The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode The Cat in the Hat Takes a Nap '' .
muppet	Although no official crossover product with a Jim Henson-related franchise has been introduced to the market , Hasbro tweeted out an image of specially created prototypes to celebrate `` Friendship Day '' in 2015 . Among the friendship pairings were Ethel and Lucy from I Love Lucy , Cher and Dionne from Clueless , Laverne
poke	They capture the electric Pokémon , who use electricity , but with no effort , since the cage is electric-proof .
muppet	Anthony Minghella was credited for the final scripts on each episode of Jim Hensons The StoryTeller . He also wrote Living with Dinosaurs and the as yet-unproduced screenplay The Seven Deadly Sins The Seven Deadly Sins , and created The StoryTeller Greek Myths .
starwars	The Mandalorian plants a detonator on a nearby wall , which blows a hole in the Imperial compound .
muppet	They did finally remove George Lucas from the cast of Follow That Bird at least .
starwars	In addition to being launched from capital ships , vulture droids were also deployed from Automated vulture droid deployment stations to defend areas from potentially hostile approaching vessels .
poke	Marshtomp starts off by using Water Gun , but Treecko evades and uses Quick Attack .
starwars	Found far off the Keshiri continent of Keshtah , this deserted island was visited in 4985 BBY by Adari Vaal and her Keshiri resistance , after their failed attempt to overthrow the rule of the Lost Tribe of Sith .
starwars	At one time it was visited by the exotics dealer Rufus Trammel , who harvested a number of the planet 's native specimens .
muppet	Hey Danny , I dont know if youre aware , but once somebody blocks somebody else in chat , theres no obvious clue of how to undo the block . I accidentally blocked Brainulator9 , and dont know how to fix it . They show up http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=Special
muppet	Heres a typical example , from the summary for Episode 0932 `` Humpty Dumptys body is put together after a crash. ``
muppet	Cant explain why , but somehow it was swapped with a rerun of Episode 3851 .
muppet	Ms. Ardath is implied to be attractive and comparatively young in contrast to Doc , but like the inn itself , or fellow neighbor Ned Shimmelfinney , Ms. Ardath is never seen onscreen .
poke	Max wishes he could hear more about the Gym , so Misty invites everyone to come to the Gym , once they arrive back in Kanto .
poke	Like its trainer , Sandshrew appeared in the opening scene of Adventures in the Orange Islands .
starwars	The Botor-Dawferim feud was a conflict between the neighboring alliances of the Botor Enclave and Dawferim Selfhood States .
muppet	Fast food chain Arbys gave away a set of toys during the 1999 Christmas season to promote the VHS release of the sing-along video The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland Sing and Play .
starwars	Dooku carried out the murder , killing his old friend and cementing his allegiance to the dark side .
starwars	However , the Confederacy intercepted communications between the king and the Republic with the newly built Skytop Station , and , hoping to derail the negotiations , Separatist leader Count Dooku sent his apprentice Asajj Ventress to the neutral moon of Rugosa , where the negotiations were scheduled to take place .
starwars	Despite heavy losses and a mutiny by High Lord Korsin Bentado , The Sith were able to convince the Alanciari to willingly submit to their rule by using the Alanciari soldier Jogan Halder to convince his people that the Sith did not actually pose a threat to them .
starwars	During 1.5 ABY , Vardias Tyne resided in the town of Anchorhead on Tatooine .
poke	Pikachu uses Quick Attack on Solrock and Swellow uses Peck on Lunatone , though both Pokémon miss and crash on the planet models .
poke	Grovyle uses Leaf Blade and as Guy orders Exploud to dodge , Exploud does not listen .
poke	The woman brings her book out as well , saying her parents did not allow to study archaeology .
muppet	Im not sure this article is about the right song , or alternately , this * and * another `` Happiness Is '' were used . According to Talk Yourself , on Songs from Sesame Street , the song is listed as `` Happiness Is
poke	Ash runs and sees an enormous tree , but falls down , tripping over a root and sliding down a slope .
muppet	I can see MuppetDanny put a lot of work into this , but I dont really see how it fits in . Theres a blank for `` Muppet Mentions '' but nothing of the kind is there now . If there is one , then it should be added , and that should be the first priority of any article of that kind , establishing the Muppet connection . Its definitely not an `` unfinished TV show '' since the https//www.bfi.org.uk/features/interviews/spitting-image.html BFI interview linked in the article
starwars	Lah 's forces settled once again into the siege of Borleias , the old warrior 's forces continually strengthened by new arrivals , and the New Republic defense gradually eroded .
poke	Meowth and Jessie are unamused , but James is determined to enter and win that contest .
starwars	Because of his father 's occupation he enjoyed a great deal of freedom in his childhood and was able to avoid military service .
starwars	Support personnel were trained in hostile environment survival and they were expected to train the individual platoons how to survive .
muppet	The Muppets Big Book of Crafts is a how-to book written by the Muppet Workshop , instructing readers on how to create a variety of Muppety crafts . In the pages , the Muppets Muppet Characters provide comments and advice on the various crafts . Sidebars highlight actual techniques used by the Muppet Workshop or in other aspects of Muppet filmmaking , as well as the craft interests of Jim Henson and other Muppet people .
poke	Electrike uses Thunder Wave , Pikachu uses Thunder and Ampharos uses Thunder Shock , negating the electric-proof balloon and blasting Team Rocket off .
starwars	As they left , the LAAT/i dislodged from the cliff where it was perched and plummeted into Christophsis 's depths .
poke	Rico is about to capture them , but Arbok and Weezing attack him with Poison Sting and Sludge , knocking away his weapon .
muppet	Elizabeth Green Muppet girl , owns Little Murray Sparkles
starwars	A number of DX-11 droids were in storage in the Research and Development section of the Okara Droid Factory on the planet Balmorra .
poke	The girl throws off her green jacket and thanks Brock , who is flattered and tries to flirt with the girl , but gets dragged away by Max .
muppet	The book was reissued in 2010 by Publications International as a Play-a-Story Animated Storybook , packaged with a DVD . The storybook , retitled Grovers Magic Carpet Ride , features Grover narrating the story with Tom Brannons original illustrations animated . The story was adapted from Michaela Muntean by Susan Rich Brooke .
poke	While Ash and Co. continue their journey , they meet Anthony and his Pelipper , which is said to be the world 's most powerful Pokémon .
muppet	A new skunk puppet debuted in Season 43 season 43 for the Elmo the Musical segment , `` Guacamole the Musical . '' The puppet later appeared in a `` The Word of the Word of the Day '' segment with Troy Polamalu in Episode a season 44 episode , episode a season 45 episode and as `` Mr. Smellsalot '' in The Furchester Hotel episode `` Episode 127 Skunks Skunks Welcome . ''
starwars	Afterward , a military trial was held for Tano .
muppet	A version of the Sesame Street song `` One of These Things '' was used in a 2004 commercial .
starwars	Restarting her smuggling career , Okeefe made a number of smuggling runs , including one to the desert world of Tatooine .
poke	Before Cacnea goes asleep , it uses Pin Missile , so everyone wakes up except Cacnea .
poke	Max notices Treecko 's discarded bandages , so the heroes know Treecko can not have gone too far .
poke	Jessie and James find it impossible to fight them and they walk away , but Meowth persuades them their boss would like to have them for electricity his devices need , as well as having a base in Hoenn .
starwars	Kenobi announced to the Jedi that their contact in Dreshdae was one Teluron Thacker , a prosperous businessman , who had done favors for the Jedi in the past and had agreed to help them , if he could .
poke	Jessie and Meowth go , but James reminds them that without a plan they 'll fail .
starwars	They had a streamlined body , with hollow bones , giving them a light frame .
starwars	IG-88 tracked Julpa to Tyne 's Horky and followed him to see if the lost Prince would lead him to the Tammuz-an Royal Scepter .
poke	Vladimir gives Ash advice that with a signal he can yell out at the right time he can redirect the attack to the target .
starwars	Docking Bay 3733
poke	Max begins to cry , as he failed to bring him to Pokémon Center , but notices Ash 's Snorunt has arrived .
poke	May is depressed by the defeat , but Ash and Brock cheer her up a bit , claiming she is a beginner and has to grow stronger .
poke	Drake sends Salamence , who flies to the balloon and attacks with Dragon Claw , bashing it and freeing Pikachu .
muppet	Nevertheless , the Count resembles Bela Lugosis portrayal of Dracula in voice . Furthermore , The Count has never demonstrated a fondness for blood or the ability to turn into a bat .
muppet	For a better version of me , Look http//thinkupgames.wikia.com/wiki/User Here .
poke	While James and Meowth demand to discuss their strategies , something attacks them , blasting them off .
starwars	After an Imperial Star Destroyer discovered the `` Home One '' , Valeria led Blue Squadron 's assault against the Star Destroyer but were unable to pierce through its deflector shields .
poke	While Nicholai did n't win , but he is proud to challenge Norman as the Knickerbocker , though May and Max doubt their father would wear shorts , even during the battle .
muppet	Perchance anyone ever save this article to their systems ? I was planning on going through it , seeing what I could find in the article for use here and at Wikipedia , but theyve taken the page down . Archive.org didnt keep it either . If nothing else , I can dig it up on my next trip into the University of Toronto , but I dont know when thatll be . -- Zanimum 1805 , 11 April 2009
starwars	The Death Star troopers guarding Detention Block AA-23 when Luke Skywalker , Han Solo , and Chewbacca rescued Princess Leia Organa in 0 BBY carried E-11 blaster rifles and DH-17 blaster pistols .
poke	Brock remembers the Bagon evolves into Shelgon then into Salamence , which gains the ability to fly .
poke	As Nicholai walks away , Team Rocket spies on him , planning to take his Mudkip .
muppet	Does anyone have any clue if there will ever be a sesame street old school volume 3 ? Prairiedawncookie Talk )
muppet	Muppets that appear in the video include Dr. Teeth , Floyd Pepper , Janice , Animal , Zoot , Lips , Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy , Fozzie Bear , Rowlf the Dog , Dr. Bunsen Honeydew , Beaker , The Swedish Chef , Gonzo , Camilla the Chicken , Rizzo the Rat , Yolanda Rat , Bobo the Bear , Scooter , Pepe the King Prawn , Walter , Lew Zealand , Sam the Sam Eagle , Constantine , Statler and Statler , Statler and Waldorf , Beauregard , Link Hogthrob , Bubba the Rat , and Dr. Julius Strangepork ; plus some unnamed Muppet chickens and penguins . In one part of the video Piggy , Link and Strangepork are seen in their The Swinetrek crew uniforms from `` Pigs in Space . ''
poke	Brock states it is clear how Tate and Liza have good combination attacks , while May states it is certain why Tate and Liza are the Gym Leaders .
starwars	During that conflict , the Sith Lord Korsin Bentado stormed Vaal Hall with his Sith forces and slaughtered the members of the War Cabinet so that he could impersonate them .
starwars	Standard power cells for the BlasTech E-11 blaster rifle are said to carry energy for approximately 100 shots , however in `` Ultimate Star Wars '' they are said to carry energy for approximately 200 .
muppet	Did anyone actually purchase this ? What was the final DVD cover ? -- Zanimum
muppet	Can we do something about these ads on the side of the page that are trying to sell stuff thats obviously illegal ? Right on this page I see a DVD for The Muppet Musicians of Bremen , and some kind of iPod offer for the John Denver Christmas special , and elsewhere Ive seen an offer for all 120 Muppet Shows for only $ 23.99 ! I know we have to have ads to keep this site free , but can we maybe get them to at least put up stuff thats legal ? --
starwars	Canderous Ordo and a redeemed Revan later returned with other Mandalorians to take Mandalore 's Mask back .
muppet	Hi , do you have any confirmation on http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=It % 27s_Harder_the_First_Time
muppet	Saraceni began his TV career scripting various animated series , including Looney Taz-Mania , Batman The Animated Series , and Aladdin , and Two Stupid Dogs , during which period he worked on Dog City . He transitioned to live action dramas , especially sci-fi or action series , such as Stargate SG-1 , The Sopranos , JAG , and the Canadian series EZ Streets , often serving as story editor or co-producer as well .
muppet	I havent picked it up yet , but I should get it pretty soon . Then Ill confirm all of the text .
starwars	They were easily recognizable from their six limbs and long , four-eyed faces .
muppet	Pérez has worked for Marvel Comics on Captain America , The Amazing Spider-Man , Deadpool , and X-Men . He handled art chores on a three-issue story in DC DCs JSA Classified , has worked on ongoing Star Wars and Thundercats comics , and supplied alternate covers for select Archie Comics issues .
poke	Ash introduces Torkoal to other Pokémon ; they greet it , so Torkoal spouts smoke , even Jessie and James , who are not pleased by Torkoal .
poke	Ash apologizes to Captain Stern for dropping the stone , but Captain Stern tells him it does n't matter because he retrieved the smaller part of the stone which will be sufficient for his research .
poke	When the heroes leave , Team Rocket , dressed in elegant clothes , go to the receptionist to have Jessie to participate in the contest .
poke	Venusaur attacks Team Rocket machine , which drops Bulbasaur down , but is rescued by May .
starwars	Posla watched his soulmate fall to the ground and , in a fit of rage , advanced to fire upon the wave of forgotten designs .
poke	Arbok uses Headbutt on Pikachu , while Vigoroth uses Scratch on Weezing , but misses .
poke	As the heroes run after it , Max believes Team Rocket has upset Armaldo and made it furious .
starwars	Rather than be seen as a display of the Imperial Military 's power and technological prowess , the first Death Star instead came to be viewed as a symbol of Imperial failures and missteps , making messaging about the second station such as `` Rebuild the Death Star '' quite rare .
muppet	Hey , Danny . Im trying to clean-up some of our maintenance categories
poke	Another Nuzleaf appears , warning Shiftry of enemies approaching , so Shiftry runs off to defeat them .
poke	Team Rocket begins to steal the mixtures , but Skitty appears near Meowth , and he falls in love with it .
poke	Nicholai thinks that when he captures a Zigzagoon , he 'll beat Norman as easily as he beat his daughter , upsetting Max .
starwars	He eventually defied Kaan by refusing the order to report to Ruusan , instead stealing Qordis 's starship and heading to Lehon , where he hoped to learn from Darth Revan , who he considered to be a true master of the dark side .
poke	With everyone secured , Brock leads everyone up , to a higher ground , where the wave wo n't hit them .
poke	Taillow goes after the ring , while Volbeat attacks with Thunder , hitting Taillow .
muppet	Take a look .
poke	Ash and May have made it all the way to Petalburg City—the first city with a gym .
poke	However , due to its trauma , Swablu can not fly , so the heroes try certain ways to teach Swablu how to fly once more .
poke	Armaldo turns around and watches the sunset , so the heroes note it likes watching that , since the sunset has not changed a bit .
poke	They notice the Absol appeared , however , who uses Hyper Beam to block the water .
poke	Soon , they enter a kingdom dedicated to Togepi and soon meet Sara , princess of the Togepi Kingdom .
muppet	I have noticed that you have been adding pages for various Sesame Street episodes , but have mostly just added still shots of the episode numbers . It would be great if you could provide more information , like a plot summary , or a sketch listing . If any of your copies
starwars	However , Hilts convinced Jaye to tell them and the Keshiri mathematician reluctantly shared his findings .
starwars	The Damualer Triac system was a star system located within the Inner Rim region of the galaxy containing the planet Damualer Triac .
muppet	Some other phrases could use some slight NPOVing .
poke	The heroes track footprints of Pikachu and Meowth , though they are concerned that Pikachu did not battle , from the looks of the footprints .
poke	Jessie is super-furious and kicks Meowth , but Meowth has n't forgotten that `` it is all for the best '' .
muppet	The meter template doesnt reflect anything on the page ; its based on the `` Sesame Episodes '' and `` Episode Guide '' categories .
starwars	`` Star Wars : X-Wing Alliance '' features both the `` Home One '' type and `` Liberty '' type cruisers but also identifies the `` Home One '' type , to which the `` Independence '' belongs , as the MC80a .
starwars	Once he had obtained details of Wren 's daily routine , the colonel arranged for the vehicle in which Wren traveled to school to be attacked , then sent in his men to apprehend her under the guise of staging a rescue .
starwars	Data-codes were used to restrict access to sections aboard space stations .
muppet	This is the last I will comment on the issue . Thanks for understanding .
starwars	During the attempted subjugation of the planet , he was overconfident , believing the armada of World Devastators to be unstoppable , and that the New Republic X-wings could do him no damage .
muppet	location of leon jason studios
poke	Just as the machine is about to grab Venusaur , the Pokémon tackle the robot 's bag .
starwars	Beedo , piloting a Podracer similar to his `` Mark IV '' , refused , believing that the time was not right and that he did n't have a clear shot .
poke	She warns the man , who broke into Devon Corporation is reported to be here , ready to meet up with other members of Team Aqua .
poke	She wants to ask him a question , but the person suspects May wants to ask why the fish are n't around the docks , claiming one has to rise up to this challenge .
poke	Ash realizes Roxanne is the Gym Leader of Rustboro City , who has graduated from the Academy quickly , due to her excellent training style .
muppet	In Episode 4266 , the Wolf , unable to catch up with the pigs running away , sees Slimey and gets the idea to blow him away . With his singsongy `` Huff and puff ! `` , he blows Slimey into Mr. Snuffys spaghetti and later blows Snuffy towards the stoop of 123 Sesame Street , not realizing the harm hes causing . When he does , he apologizes and switches to a new hobby blowing bubbles !
starwars	Taul
poke	As May observes the view , Ash reminds her Brock and Max are worried about them and they should n't even be here .
poke	Brock tells Corphish that he feels sorry for him , as Brock is always rejected as well .
starwars	Ayelixe/Krongbing Textiles specially designed the Shockrider crash suit for various racing drivers and are built to protect pilots of speeders , speeder bikes , swoops , and other fast atmospheric vehicles from the worst of crashes .
starwars	`` As the Empire prepares to crush the Rebellion with the most powerful Death Star yet built , the Rebel fleet mounts a massive attack on the space station , and Luke Skywalker confronts his father , Darth Vader , in a final climactic duel . ''
muppet	Busy Little Neighborhood is a 1991 set of four Sesame Street board books
poke	After telling the class they will go to the pool , Nurse Joy tells the heroes kids from Islands B and C developed a rivalry .
starwars	With their mission successfully executed , Null disengaged his opponents to rejoin the Naddists in their underground retreat .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2347 , March 1 , 2011
starwars	Like all issues , it includes a die-cast collectible model and is an officially licensed source of `` Star Wars '' information , under Lucas Licensing and the LucasBooks imprint .
starwars	GT-33 Repair Drones were among the droid forces stationed at the Shroud 's factory on the moon Nar Shaddaa .
starwars	Hungry , Makezh stole a basket of fruit from a market near to his home , and was arrested by government forces later the same day .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 2304 , April 28 , 2010
muppet	What happened to this feature ? User Webkinz Mania 2315 , 10 January 2009
poke	Brock remembers that the ground is quite soft and orders Mudkip and Lotad to use Water Gun to soften the ground even more .
muppet	File 1 TheMuppetsUK Facebook July 9 Miss Piggys announcement
muppet	Lynn Redgrave was a British actress and a veteran of stage and screen , as well as the sister of Vanessa Redgrave . She guest starred on The Muppet Show Episode 323 Lynn episode 323 , where she played Maid Marian in the troupes Robin Hood adaptation .
poke	However , with May 's Skitty 's Blizzard not working properly , May starts worrying .
starwars	Fondor was the location of a crucial battle against the Yuuzhan Vong .
starwars	R2-D2 was repaired and looked good as new .
poke	Ash knows Team Magma and Aqua are going to use the Ancient Pokémon for their own uses .
starwars	It was home to the Zelcomm Tower .
poke	As May and Brock are going to the Pokémon Center , Brock explains he bought a lot of ingredients , potions and food for the road ahead .
poke	Ash tries to remind Pikachu , but when Meowth says he is a liar , Pikachu sides with Team Rocket .
poke	Prof. Oak says goodbye to everyone , but Max stops him , stating he read all of his books , watched his TV shows and listened to radio shows as well , being one of his biggest fans .
muppet	Please let me know if I can help you with anything ! --
starwars	Tseebo first appeared as a secondary character in the `` Star Wars Rebels '' episodes `` Empire Day '' and `` Gathering Forces , '' which premiered on November 10 and November 17 2014 respectively .
poke	Jessie and James are out of the mine , who decide to go back in to save Meowth .
starwars	Hammer 8 , brought into the lead position , then blasted a hole in the security wall upon arrival , with Veers demanding for their surrender via loudspeaker .
poke	As the heroes arrive to Petalburg City , May and Max are visited by the crowd , who like Norman , Caroline and their children .
poke	May thinks this island hopping could be fun , while Ash hopes to see rare Water-type Pokémon .
starwars	Diblen Harleys
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-02-07T171313
starwars	He was also adept at applying first aid .
muppet	Ive just added `` that Mike Leigh film '' , having come across at least four cast connections./ Incidentally , according to Richenda Careys agents site she is supposedto have appeared in this film too , however as she is not listed in the films credits
muppet	Not to brush aside the voting issues , but for the record , the Tall Orange Anything Anything Muppet has been renamed Pumpkin , in accordance with the official designation from a 1979 CTW character guide , found by Scott , and illustrated on the page . See Talk for the discussion . Gradually , an attempt will be made to correct the designation on pages , and I believe Scott has some other official designations to add , so more changes may come . Just a heads up so were all on the same page . -- Andrew , Aleal 2021 , 19 March 2006
poke	Team Rocket comes to their enemies , so May demands to know what happened to Skitty .
poke	Jessie feels the same way , she wants to tear Cassidy into pieces , once and for all .
muppet	In terms of fansites Muppet Central Muppet Central , Tough Pigs , The Muppet Newsflash , Muppet Wiki Muppet Wiki and The MuppetCast are fairly notable fansites - they have sizable contributions to the Muppet fandom , they have had some longevity of activity , they have substantial content , theyve have had contact/endorcements from actual Muppet people and/or organizations , and they have original content as past fan projects with equal notability . Likewise the Fraggle Rock DVD Petition and Save the Muppets campaigns have been referenced by official organizations in press releases and by the Muppet performers in interviews . These articles are worthwhile .
muppet	This song was featured in the The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World episode `` Episode 108 Mrs. Zabarellis Holiday Mrs. Zabarellis Holiday Baton '' .
poke	Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt , but Pikachu is worn out from the last battle and is unable to .
muppet	Yes , but he hurt nobody . There are worse people then him . Hes a very good person and hes not a vandalism guy
poke	May suspects the King is just lonely , but Alanna says he must be for many years .
starwars	He was often used as an inspiration during all-night design sessions .
muppet	VEE Entertainment , a source of much misinformation , says Oscar was yellow in episode 0001 of Sesame Street , orange in the rest of the first season . Is there any reason theyd have come up with this ? Its the winning answer to their Facebook trivia a few weeks ago .
muppet	Incidentally , do you know who provides the voice ? —
poke	Brock wonders why would Juan use an attack at this point , thinking he is unpredictable .
starwars	He showed great promise as a programmer , but chose to remain a drudge .
poke	Meowth thinks they should get rid of the man first , as he 'll pound them blasting off if he sees them fighting near the restaurant .
muppet	Nice Labyrinth book and record cover ! I didnt even know you had found that ! --
poke	Ash admits Swellow has managed to learn Aerial Ace , making Brock and Max impressed , though Ash is here to cheer for May .
starwars	It was crewed by four beings , but could be controlled from a command center if the crew was disabled .
starwars	A permanent layer of thick and swirling clouds and mist covered Captivity , and the moon 's weather conditions were violent with frequent raging storms and occasional rain .
starwars	The Mk 2e/W heavy laser cannon was a type of laser cannon .
poke	Cozmo points out he wants to do research on the stone , but wonders why would Team Magma want it .
muppet	Is the Glad All Over broken link video considered a virmup ? It was posted on the YouTube accounts for Sam , Gonzo , Beaker , the Swedish Chef , Statler
starwars	During their mission , they steal an Imperial TIE/ln space superiority starfighter and are ordered by Hera Syndulla and Kanan Jarrus to return to the `` Ghost '' .
poke	After battling a trainer , Ash , as well as his friends , meet Drake of the Elite Four .
poke	They go aboard and see the huge deck of the ship , which looks like a battlefield .
starwars	Additionally , many of those representatives were tempted to forget common interest and looked out only for themselves and their home systems .
starwars	Outnumbering the Republic forces , the Separatists had them pinned down under their own deflector shield .
muppet	I can imagine readers being confused about the difference between `` Sesame Street Live Shows '' and `` Sesame Street Stage Shows '' ... so I would like to merge the categories , and call the whole thing `` Sesame Street Stage Shows '' . What do folks think ? --
muppet	File Street Unboxing A Bento Box with Cookie Cookie Monster Unboxes a Bento Box
poke	With everything taken care of , Ash challenges Wattson to a battle against his newly captured Torkoal .
muppet	Wendy Richfield is B.P . B.P . Richfields daughter . She dates Robbie Sinclair in the third season Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 308 Hungry for Hungry for Love '' . However , Robbie learns from Spike that Wendy is rumored to be an `` eater , '' a girl who dates boys and then eats them . Not surprisingly , B.P . turns out to be the real culprit .
poke	Dragonite evades Hydro Pump attack and Lance 's Gyarados uses Hyper Beam , but Kyogre uses Hyper Beam as well , negating both attacks .
poke	Team Rocket go to capture the Pokémon , so they sends Seviper and Cacnea , the latter hugging its trainer .
starwars	Cantros 7 , or simply Cantros , was a planet located within the Outer Rim of the galaxy .
starwars	The `` Diamond '' -class cruiser , also referred to as the Commerce Guild Starship , was a cruiser class of the Commerce Guild .
starwars	He was nearly thwarted in this effort by Ekhrikhor , a Noghri , who wanted all of Emperor Palpatine 's belongings destroyed .
poke	Kelly 's mother shows May , Max and Brock how Pokéblocks are made : some ingredients are put in the blender , which cuts and mixes the ingredients .
starwars	The base could be taken apart and fitted into a C-9979 landing craft , but it decreased the craft 's cargo capacity enormously .
muppet	Im Sorry , Grover A Rosh Hashanah Tale is a Sesame Street storybook , one of a series of Shalom Sesame cross-overs in which the American Sesame Street characters learn about Jewish culture from the Rechov Sumsum Muppets .
muppet	Thiesgaard ended up doing Fozzies voice in the Norwegian dub of The Muppet Christmas Carol , En Muppet Julefortelling . The reason for it was that they had problems finding a fitting Norwegian voice for the character . Since he already had learned some Norwegian years before , Thiesgaard volunteered to reprise the role . The Norwegian dubbing director would say the lines , so he could learn the correct pronunciation , before the line was recorded .
muppet	Hi , Kate ! Would you happen to have any of Bobs music books ? I saw the cover of one on the `` Sunshine Guitar '' video . --
muppet	The Receptionist was heard in The Muppet Show Sex and Violence pilot . She had to deal with characters like Gluttony and Lust when the Muppets were holding auditions for their Seven Deadly Sins pageant . She had a brief `` romance '' with Lust in the show .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 2358 , November 22 , 2009
muppet	I also added the Canadian WB , and a whole bunch of other stuff that Ive found at various times , like the Festival version of `` Groovin on the Sunshine '' .
poke	The Relicanth go to another path , so the heroes enter the submarine and follow them .
starwars	During their set of raids , Beeli 's fleet of ships retired to a deep space position where the `` Stalwart '' and Kenit resided , and Imperial patrols were restrained from increasing their activity in order to let the `` Far Orbit '' engage the pirates , because Vedij and the crew wanted to destroy the pirates to maintain their reputation .
muppet	`` Over the years , he sort of evolved along with me ... I was an impostor in show business . In the first season , Gonzo is always self-effacing and embarrassed . But he knows he has something special . '' Dave recalls trying to entertain the crew during rehearsals . When the other Muppeteers performed , the crew would always laugh -- but when Dave performed , they would just open their newspapers and read . Finally , towards the end of the first season , Gonzo had a scene where he had to shout , in amazement `` No ! '' Jim told him to go bigger , so Dave tried it bigger `` NO ! '' And the crew laughed , for the first time ! `` I got another laugh the second season . It was unstoppable now ! And I thought , I could make a character of this . ''
muppet	Hi , Inez -- Thanks for fixing the move problem . --
starwars	She also used her combat training to force Brendol Hux into submission .
muppet	First released in 1997 as Get Set for Kindergarten , this set includes 2 CD-ROMs Lets Make a Word ! and Get Set to Learn ! .
muppet	Her other credits include The Middle , 24 Legacy and the Tekken series .
poke	Brock tells her one can learn much from Pokémon , but Timmy 's mother denies that and reminds them they only need to find out who the Phantom is .
poke	James is amazed by the idea , but realizes the boss ' mouth would become black , to which Meowth brushes off .
poke	Team Rocket is running away with the profit , but once they have been spotted , they run off in a direction , though their fans follow them .
poke	As they enter , the boy , Timmy , places a bandage on his hand and goes to take notes about Pikachu , but notices his pen is missing .
muppet	Michael , you could use a little more tact in your comments on Muppet Wiki article nominations . Your talk page is public and anyone can read the conversations here . Scott
starwars	Shortly after , when the mining camp was attacked by remnants of Xim 's Guardian Corps activated by Bollux , a droid companion of Solo , another three W'iiri worked together to attack one of the droids .
poke	Ash sends Treecko and Taillow , Brock his Lotad and Forretress and May her Skitty , Torchic and Beautifly .
poke	Some children come to Ash as well , opening Poké Balls and revealing them to be fake and empty .
poke	Adam wonders if they are worth and Evelyn confirms it , but they do n't have enough to become rich .
muppet	What ho ! When you get a chance , take a look at Category talk , as far as how to label our pages . Several were recently renamed
poke	As Team Rocket 's Pokémon are sent flying to their Trainers , Pikachu uses Thunderbolt to blast them off once again .
muppet	Peter just added a list of performers . I see that the Abby Hadfield credit comes from the Frackles page . Whats the source for that credits and the others here ? Scott
starwars	But as the ship makes for Coruscant , Ahsoka quickly learns that Lux is about to leave the ship aboard an escape pod .
muppet	What I mean is , wouldnt it make sense/be search-friendlier if this category included any TV appearance that was later put on video as well ? —
muppet	Here you go Ken . I thought youd like this one ) . --
poke	They sit for a table , where May and Max see Ash will do fine in the next Gym Battle .
starwars	When Koon and the team arrived to find the Sith , they found them holding a young female hostage .
muppet	Calistoga Cleo is the leader of Calistoga Cleo and the Pharoahs . She is the guest star in The Muppet Show Comic Book Muppet Mash part 2 Thats a Wrap . She is based on Cleopatra and is 126 years old , staying youthful by using a Formulade-hide cream . Her agent is Mrs. Keppel .
starwars	Believing Vos wanted them to steal blank identichips , Beckett and his crew stole a package of identichips from Dvorad on Hovun IV .
starwars	For instance , the player ( s ) , using the avatars of the Jedi , fight various battle droids , including B1 grapple droids .
poke	Taillow and Beautifly see the trail of Poké Balls , so they take two of them to show to their trainers .
muppet	I love the spelling monkey . --
poke	Sealeo attacks with Blizzard , freezing everyone , though Snorunt is unaffected .
starwars	Kinman Doriana
poke	May tells that what is studied is not the same as reality , but Brock wonders how Pelipper was able to use that many different attacks .
muppet	Im still working on the manual sort , but I have some regex stuff to figure out .
starwars	Unaware that the pilots of the fighters were Rebels , Gerdy 's commanding officer believed that Darth Vader had personally sent the ships to punish Gerdy for using priority frequencies to call a woman from Aduba-4 .
poke	Beautifly also tackles Dustox , who uses Poison Sting , but the attack is negated by Beautifly 's Gust .
muppet	Should we be following the `` no talking about peoples personal lives '' rule the Tough Pigs has ? Ebrowne 2042 , 15 Dec 2005
poke	Captain Stern comes as well and sends out his Sealeo , who attacks Mightyena with Aurora Beam .
starwars	A week after that incident , Arista 's uncle Seth Kabul , who had made an alliance with the foundering Galactic Empire , attempted to assassinate Arista 's father by planting a powerful explosive device in the quarry , set to explode during Lord Kabul 's inspection rounds .
poke	It took some time for him to realize that overconfidence was his problem in the battle .
starwars	Zander looks on as one of the droids says that is enough fighting for today and retreats .
starwars	The cortosis gauntlets of the armor are similar to the vambraces worn by Zayne Carrick in the comic book , but have different properties .
muppet	Doh , the problems back . This time Im blocked because IP 216.224.121.143
muppet	Part 2 Link and Piggy meet some aliens who think that they look tasty - they decide to help them find fuel , and then declare that they want to eat them ! Strangepork teleports himself down to the planet to help them and saves the day .
poke	After the battle is over , Nicole makes it clear Natalie should not go harvesting berries on her own .
muppet	I know youre busy , and Danny hasnt noticed either , but when you can , please look at User talk4 . Ive been trying to explain page moves with him , as far as doing so without either bringing it up for discussion or fixing links . While I did get through to him on the latter , and convinced him to start talk pages concerning First and Last and Captain Vegetable , he went ahead and moved back , impatiently I thought , because Nate gave his opinion
starwars	Typho eventually came to the conclusion that Darth Vader , a Sith Lord and Imperial enforcer , had killed Anakin and Amidala on Mustafar , though he did not know that Vader and Anakin were actually one and the same person .
poke	They mention MFP , Mothers for Pokémon , for they are a group of wives and mothers , who love Pokémon .
starwars	Baash and Raam mock Roger .
poke	Rocky promises share some of their food to the heroes and in return he wants to hear the stories from their travels , mostly about the battles with other trainers they had .
starwars	Below Army Command were three other important organizational distinctions within the Imperial Army : The Assault Armor Division , the Imperial Maritime Division , and the ground support wings .
poke	After the crooks got blasted off , Wattson 's Electrike evolves into Manectric .
poke	Without much time left , Brock asks of Misty , May and Ash to rescue Togepi , while the rest goes to the palace and rescue the queen and the king .
starwars	Although imprisoned she was not treated poorly as long as she continued to produce quality merchandise .
poke	After a battle with Team Rocket , May 's Skitty accidentally inhales Torkoal 's smoke .
poke	Jessie plans that once Pikachu is exhausted , they will swoop in and take him away , else Sheridan will not receive his money .
poke	Franklin also thinks of going on a journey with May , since he feels always afraid to go alone .
muppet	Richard Attenborough . Years earlier , at the London premiere of Labyrinth , Attenborough was in attendance and encountered Jim Henson and Ludo .
starwars	This newer class was externally very similar to its predecessor .
muppet	Oscar holds a rally outside Central Park , eventually abandon the cause and leave .
starwars	A Force-sensitive , Anoon Bondara was instructed in the ways of the Force by the Jedi Order , eventually ascending to the rank of Jedi Knight .
starwars	Shortly before the Battle of Hoth , it was assigned to rendezvous with container transport `` Silver Bull '' to transfer a VIP scientist at the SpecWar Fab Deep Space Manufacturing Facility .
muppet	File der Frosch in der ENERGY Berlin
starwars	Mon Cala planetary defense services
poke	To take advantage of the situation , Jessie dresses as Norman 's wife , James as Norman , Meowth as May and Jessie 's Wobbuffet as Max .
muppet	Eyes in the dark - Sir Kermit the Summer Summer , Baby Kermit , Baby Fozzie , Baby Muppet Babies Muppet Babies , `` Episode 101 Sir Kermit the Brave / Animal Fly Sir Kermit the Brave '' } }
muppet	This season is considered to be the `` experimental season '' - it is `` increasingly presenting its lessons in overlapping ways , to reach those whose learning may be more closely tied to musical or mathematical abilities than linguistic ones . ''
poke	It will say to make sure that there are 6 Pokémon in your party , but there MUST be 5 or less Pokémon in your party in order to obtain 0 correctly .
muppet	But apparently I found the same sort of thing five years ago , and it was deleted . http//wx.toronto.ca/inter/it/newsrel.nsf/9da959222128b9e885256618006646d3/9765af9bed1c582a85256dd300575077 ? OpenDocument The only other reference is a press release that mentioned Elmo and Grover , with no indication whether they were puppet or costume . The official website was Flash , so archive.org is useless . That said , even if they were costume , that makes it an official Sesame Workshop organized thing . Thoughts ? -- Zanimum
muppet	How do I change it so that it links to this http//www.facebook.com/pages/HTML-CSS-Wiki/151981424827777 page instead of Muppet Wikis page ? Ive tried , but failed . SSgtGriffin 1712 , September 24 , 2010
poke	Grovyle uses Bullet Seed on Treecko , while Slugma attacks Corphish with Ember .
muppet	Anyway , Id suggest anyone here suggesting edits to their article , it seems to work . -- Zanimum 1710 , 29 January 2009
starwars	Kenobi knew that Yoda spoke true , for a great dread lay within Yoda 's soul .
starwars	Wedge Antilles used an electro-lite pointer while briefing Rogue Squadron for the Battle of Endor .
muppet	As long as were celebrating National Nitpicking Week here on the Special page , I might as well bring up something else . I dont like `` Album Availability '' and `` Video Availability '' on song and episode pages ; I dont think that word makes a lot of sense . I prefer `` Album Releases '' and `` Video Releases '' , so Ive been changing the headings wherever I find them . Is that cool ? --
muppet	Hey , Nate , since youre a stage kind of guy , and I noticed you were working on some of the show pages , do you know anything about the show CDs ? Ive never seen one , and I dont think anybody here has any , either . Let me know if you have any , or if you can help with other musical stuff , like adding songs to the various show pages . Thanks ! --
starwars	When Rebel scouts , Andur Thorsim and Glaennor arrived at the base in a G9 `` Rigger '' -class light freighter to investigate , S'ybll imprisoned them and manipulated them into drawing Luke Skywalker to the base .
starwars	In her memoirs , written in 33 ABY , Drutch mentioned her father 's participation in the action at Venestria .
starwars	Having analyzed the plans , Lemelisk made the necessary adjustments to the design , in compliance with the Hutt 's needs .
muppet	The puppet has since been used in the Elmo the Musical segment , `` Karate Master the Musical '' and in assorted episodes of The Furchester Hotel , most notably as Carrot the Horse in `` Episode 126 Pony in Pony in Disguise . ''
muppet	Theres more tips on the Muppet Wiki FAQ page . Let me know if theres anything I can help you with !
muppet	Cooper also wrote for The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss . His episode , `` Episode 109 The Mystery of Winna-Bango The Mystery of Winna-Bango Falls '' , was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award . He also wrote lyrics for songs such as `` Fruzzle Floom Fruit '' .
poke	The girl confirms this , who introduces herself as Kelly and introduces Grumpig as well .
poke	The receptionist replies Jessie 's Contest Pass has expired , but could renew it , pleasing Jessie .
muppet	Id like to move this to simply Skeeter , since the article discusses all known incarnations of the character . As far as I can tell , Skeeter has never actually been labeled `` Baby Skeeter '' outside of fan circles
starwars	Nevertheless , few Morseerians openly supported the Rebellion , and a few even aided the Empire instead .
muppet	Also , Lea Thompson posted a photo to Instagram of herself in a `` The Muppets '' chair , and Im guessing shes a guest .
poke	Max wonders what 's that ring Swablu is holding , so Shane says it is for the PokéRinger competition .
muppet	The lizard puppet reappeared in episodes Episode 403 Shields
starwars	Knowing he had no opposition , he wielded his authority without restrain and with this attitude he came upon a pod of aiwha .
poke	May reminds Max wants Ash 's Pokémon to lose on purpose for Poochyena to evolve .
poke	Meanwhile , Mrs. Grimm and Tommy are on their way to the Contest , with Mrs. Grimm enraged that her husband would let Timmy go to the Contest .
muppet	Anyway , if this works , it might end up being a model for other wikis , and I think it ended up being kind of nice . But obviously , its not the most polished piece of writing in the world , so feel free to make edits . --
poke	Since Timmy is not allowed to go on a journey , Tommy hopes Timmy has a chance to participate in a Contest .
starwars	In the end , the Empire slaughtered the Council , and the Yinchorri rebelled .
starwars	Due to Threepio 's talkative nature , Senator Organa made arrangements for the protocol droid to receive a memory wipe in order to keep Leia 's true parentage a secret .
poke	He will send the recipe , but explains they still need to capture it to get rid of it .
poke	Brock made the lunch and as May and Max set the table , Ash gazes at his five Hoenn badges .
poke	Next , Shuppet makes the objects levitate and shake , scaring Ash , May and Brock and making them leave the room .
starwars	While Roger stayed behind with the `` StarScavenger '' , Rowan and his siblings traveled on speeder bikes to the Trandoshans island fortress .
poke	At a gate , Hansen has Shedinja uses Solar Beam and Ninjask Hyper Beam , powering the gate to Togepi paradise .
starwars	The mountain served as the location of the main Mandalorian bastion .
muppet	Just a quick thanks for taking care of ... uh ... vermin round here ! ) —
starwars	During the Clone Wars , the Republic Navy included carrier battle groups in its Order of Battle .
starwars	The evacuation of Dubrillion occurred early in the Yuuzhan Vong War .
starwars	He believed that the respect of the Galactic Empire could be utilized to inspire fealty in others , and had utter disregard for the lives of those outside the Imperial hierarchy , such as the antagonistic Kyber Royal Family .
muppet	On his characters , Jerry Nelson was quoted in a 1978 Muppet Show Fan Club newsletter `` Each one of them is an aspect of my own personality . The Muppets are roles I assume , rather than puppets I manipulate . Robin the Robin , for instance , is an undersized metaphor for my own insecurities . He has a childlike curiosity about how things work . Uncle Deadly is the greatest ham actor of all time ; Floyd Floyd is my laid-back , mellow side -- cool . And then theres Crazy Harry , whose ultimate trip is spontaneous combustion . An analyst told me I should develop that side of my personality . I dont think he meant I should go around exploding everything -- just that I should give my emotions more freedom . ''
starwars	After these tribulations , all dangerous toxins and chemicals had been purged from their system .
poke	Team Rocket flies off in their balloon and Meowth imagines how life would be when their boss would love when Wurmple would offer strings for his buttons .
muppet	Would anyone be opposed to renaming the song pages so instead of who sings it , its who wrote it , a la Beginning , Middle , and End and Sad ? - Oscarfan 0035 , February 16 , 2010
muppet	Vendela is a Swedish supermodel . She made a cameo appearance in a Pigs in Space Deep Dish Pigs in Space sketch from Episode 108 Jason episode 108 of Muppets Tonight , in which she plays Princess Vendela who has come the make the male crew of the Swinetrek her personal slaves .
muppet	Brad , youre doing amazing work . Keep it up ! Ill add info Scooter 2038 , 31 January 2006
starwars	The Malastarian Art Union was an organization dedicated to art , operating on Malastare as of 32 BBY .
starwars	Based in the hills near the farming villages west of Tun Aduban , the Cloud-Riders had set their sights on Onacra simply out of convenience , as it was the closest community to their camp .
muppet	Swift was active in television , stage , and radio since the 1960s . He appeared on such dramatic series as The Avengers . In 1981 , he seemed to specialize in Germans , from Teutonic professors in the miniseries Private Schulz and Winston Churchill The Wilderness Years to General Rattenhuber in the TV movie The Bunker .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1755 , April 24 , 2009
muppet	What category would this go in ? --
muppet	Mr. Wolf ordered a Whizzy from Mopatops Shop in `` Episode 116 The The Whizzy . ''
starwars	However , Lillia was not finished with Orielle Kitai , who had managed to escape enslavement since she was away from Tahv .
starwars	Airspeeder traffic for the region was controlled from the Bakur Memorial Building .
starwars	That defensive armor , combined with four large tentacles used in attack , placed the iblition at the top of the Randorn food-chain .
poke	Steven takes a break and gives Aron some food , seeing they have to search elsewhere .
starwars	Eleodie 's power was boosted by the stolen Super Star Destroyer `` Annihilator '' .
muppet	P.S . I knew I forgot one ! http//www.45cat.com/record/2001837 Here is a UK 45 of Sesame Street Fever . If it looks a little weird , thats because theres no paper label . Some European 45s during this period would have a `` label '' actually stamped into the vinyl . Im not sure when it started or stopped , but I think thats our first example of a Muppet-related release to be made that way !
poke	Kelly thanks May for the rescue , who decides she 'll use Combusken for the Contest .
starwars	Another EV unit known as Isaac bartended aboard the `` Khetanna '' in the `` Fett Defeated '' segment of `` '' , a non-canon `` '' special that originally aired on December 19 , 2010 .
poke	However , Ash accidentally stepped on a Shroomish , who uses Stun Spore , forcing Ash to flee with Pikachu and Corphish .
poke	Team Rocket takes off their disguises and Jessie sends Seviper , who uses Haze .
poke	They see people having sand baths , resting in the sand , which is said to sap away tiredness .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 2001 , 9 March 2011
poke	Though `` Pokémon Red '' and `` Blue '' will only let players input a seven-character name , room is reserved for eleven characters ( including a null terminator , hex codice_3 ) .
poke	May and Max wonder why Ash is n't doing laundry , but Brock reminds them training is n't always about Pokémon .
poke	The child ( who appears like Max , but taller ) asks everyone to keep the noise down , so the heroes apologize .
poke	Ash claims it 's just like the old times for Brock and Misty , while Max and May are startled by this brutal act , as Misty tosses Brock away .
muppet	File_to_Be_Me_An_Anti-bullying_Discussion_1_Introduction|Part 1 Introduction
muppet	Natasha the Tarantula appeared in Episode 203 Tarantula
poke	Lance notes the Orbs were vanished , marking that humans can not control nature , especially not for selfish desires .
poke	Ash goes to call Grovyle back , but Grovyle jumps onto a tree , as May comments it became even more stubborn .
starwars	Vanguard Squadron
poke	They all wait until morning , when Joy comes out of the room , telling that Ralts is fine .
poke	Ariados uses Night Shade , while Yanma uses Swift , though Pikachu and Treecko dodge the attacks .
starwars	20 .
muppet	The musical was referenced at least twice on Sesame Street , both involving Grouches in Episode 3688 with Oscar the Oscars singing group Four Grouches Named Moe and Oscar , and later in Episode 3815 when Oscar hires a moving company named `` Moe , Moe and Three Grouches Named Moe with a Truck . ''
muppet	Thanks for Bert and Ernies Great Adventures
muppet	Hi again . I noticed that you started the entry on Episode 0162 , and I was wondering if you could possibly post `` There Once Was a Hand ''
poke	While he does n't live in the city , Roderick admits he sometimes visits the island to keep an eye on the Wynaut .
muppet	He was featured in the The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 104 The Song of the The Song of the Zubble-Wump '' .
poke	Since they 're catching up on them , Team Rocket flies off faster , lighting up more flame on their balloon .
starwars	Galactic Defense
muppet	Inside this tornado are various characters from the show , Kermit the Frog on a bicycle , Episode 105 The Heartless Prince Leo riding a wolf , and a picture of The Storyteller the Storyteller . The sequence ends with a shot of Jim Henson entering the room in which he makes his introductions .
starwars	The police cruiser was used by the Taris Civil Authority , the law enforcement on the planet of Taris , to follow fugitives into space .
muppet	Heya ! I came across this on my hard drive , but I couldnt find anything about it in a search . It appears to be from a sticker series by a company called Ripple Junction . Just thought Id put it on your merch radar .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the from Space page .
poke	One fan sends Blastoise out , who uses Hydro Pump to blast Team Rocket off and get their money back .
muppet	Hi , Phil . Regarding the archives you asked Danny about on one of his archived talk pages , those documents are stored at the University of Maryland . You have to go there to see them . —
starwars	Secondary consideration was given to technical skills , including demolition and first aid training , and all Urban Guerrillas were street savvy and knew how to contact the local criminal underworld .
starwars	Just as Fumiyo , a Godoan acting as an interpreter , was close to death , Calrissian arrived with the Dancing Goddess and placed it within the machine .
starwars	However , a girl cadet named Reann Tomvig refused to harm those who had come to the cadets ' help .
starwars	Prefsbelt Fleet Camp
starwars	March of the Tuskens
starwars	Ral Mundi 's Starship Emporium was headquartered in a skyscraper in the bustling capital city of Coronet on the planet Corellia .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1824 , January 12 , 2011
poke	Norman and Caroline run off to rescue their children , but Ash also tries to warn them about the hole , but they fall down into another one .
muppet	In 2001 , Bear in the Big Blue House creator Mitchell Kriegman helmed a new Winnie the Pooh series involving Bunraku-style puppetry combined with digital backgrounds . The new series , titled The Book of Pooh and produced outside of The Jim Henson Jim Henson Productions , used most of the same voices as the animated version but with many Muppet alumni puppeteering the characters , and other crew hold-overs . Both Bear in the Big Blue House and Book of Pooh were shown in the Playhouse Disney block of programming on Disney The Disney Channel . Characters from both shows also share the stage in Playhouse Disney Live on Stage Playhouse Disney Live on Stage at Walt Disney World Disneys Hollywood Studios and Disney California Adventure .
starwars	Princess Leia : Royal Rebel
starwars	However , Zayne Carrick , a former Jedi Padawan and a member of the Phaeda militia , was hoping to save his homeworld .
poke	The bandaged Donphan bashes some Donphan away and starts rolling to impress the shiny Donphan .
starwars	When Count Denetrius Vidian and Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin discovered and prevented an insurgence in the facilities , Vidian placed the production chain under the direction of Lieutenant Everi Chalis .
muppet	U knocks on the door of Ps apartment . When she answers the door , they go UP .
poke	The next morning , everybody awakes , but they notice the wild Pokémon are missing as Brawly states they went back to the forest .
starwars	His head was completely bald ; although in his youth , Windu had black hair and a braid that marked his status as a Padawan .
poke	Team Rocket 's submarine has been washed on coast , so they quickly go out of it , thinking it would explode .
poke	Vigoroth goes to scratch Pikachu , but Pikachu stops running and gets hurt , but triggers his own Static ability .
poke	Max knows Shiftry ca n't use Stun Spore , while Pikachu spots the gigantic tree , where Shiftry went to , as they normally live in years that are over a thousand years old .
muppet	I know this is Muppet Wiki but you have gone to far on the Sesame Street wiki because of the picture you uploaded . You also have lots of false information there , I even found your YouTube Channel ! And Christina
poke	Meowth evades and attacks with Fury Swipes , but fails when Jynx makes a pose to kiss him .
poke	Team Rocket overhears their plan , so James plans on buying contraptions and Jessie to go on exotic places and live in luxury .
muppet	We are returning to the lightbox in the coming weeks to make more improvements -- captions , UI changes , etc . Any more bugs or ideas to report ?
muppet	Sesame Street
starwars	Runeer
poke	Inside a Pokémon Center , Nurse Joy does research , but notices the wind is entering her room when the window is opened .
muppet	Similar to WantedPages , the list of Redirects is also limited to how many items are automatically generated , but User used to be able to get the full list for me . Is that something you have access to for WantedPages ? It would be nice to go through them all and not have to wait until midnight to see which 10 or so are going to crop up on the latest cycle .
starwars	The astromech droid was heavily damaged when it tried to fight off the constable and was pushed out of a second story window .
starwars	`` Procedure '' details how Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker obtained several new BTL-B Y-wing starfighters to combat the Separatists ' new weapon , the `` Subjugator '' -class heavy cruiser `` Malevolence '' .
starwars	Utrost was a cosmopolitan planet located a few light-years from Coruscant within the Utrost system of the Core Worlds .
poke	Elijah , May , Ash and Max go to find them while Brock is forced to entertain the villagers .
muppet	HENSON No , not at the moment . Ive got another Muppet film ready and Garys got a couple of other projects , so the next couple of things we do probably wont be together .
poke	The heroes enters the room , seeing that it is actually well-decorated , with bookcases , pictures and tables .
starwars	Stock footage of his Ewok character in `` Return of the Jedi '' was later used in the video game `` '' .
muppet	Just in case you hadnt seen him before Yoda Dog User Mostly Zen 1049 , 22 July 2006
starwars	The Sixth Brother faced off with Vader in a training session and the Sith Lord cut off his lower left arm to teach him the lesson of loss .
muppet	IMDb and Wikipedia
muppet	I just put a cite tag on this article , with the edit summary -- `` cite tag on Jocelyn Stevensons memory '' . Then I realized that could be misinterpreted , so I meant we needed a source for where Stevenson talked about her recollections . I didnt mean we needed a source on the memories themselves . ) --
poke	Victor is terrified at the idea Camerupt could destroy the crops , so the heroes go after Camerupt to stop it .
poke	An apple rolls to James , who realizes it is not an illusion and everyone grabs it .
starwars	Rascal 's Way was a blaster pistol used around the time of the revolt against the Eternal Empire .
muppet	Kermit I know youve never loved the crinkles by your eyes when you smile ...
starwars	They were surprised to hear that Luke was Vader 's son .
muppet	Hi , Jesse ! Youve been doing some nice stuff lately but heres a tip . When youre looking at a talk page or for that matter an article , check the dates involved ; usually , nothing needs to be added to a talk page from 2007 or even four months ago , especially guesses or opinions , and often ancient questions have since been settled in the actual article text
starwars	They traveled there with scouts provided by the Poletecs who showed them the Separatist base located in the city of Purkoll , rising high above the clouds on tall , thin pillars .
poke	Pikachu and Corphish thank Sableye for rescuing them , so the heroes see Corphish wo n't be hotheaded all the time .
muppet	So , `` A Busch Gardens/Sea World Summer Celebration , '' on CBS . June 8 , 1994 , prime-time . At least a few TV listings or reviews seemed to shorten it to `` Summer Celebration '' for convenience .
muppet	Near and Far
starwars	Pryce had ambitions of making Lothal the center of Imperial power in the Outer Rim and was willing to expropriate farmland for factories , bases , and mines .
muppet	In The Muppets The Movie Junior the novelization , a scene is described that supposedly takes place as a flashback after Miss Piggy attacks Kermit in her Paris office , where Piggy recounts a fight after their wedding in The Muppets Take Manhattan , when she wanted to share with the world that they got married . Kermit being understandably upset about being tricked into marriage , fires her . She leaves , leading back to the scene with present day Piggy . Footage from the scene was reworked into the films epilogue .
poke	Afterwards , May 's Skitty , Squirtle , Mudkip and Bulbasaur use Tackle and Treecko uses Pound on the door , knocking it down and freeing the group .
starwars	Force-sensitives reported that the Shrines contained an `` echo '' effect , reflecting back their senses and permitting visions light-years away .
starwars	The Executor still held on to Jem , but Skywalker was able to pull her free just as Bnar called upon the energy of the planet beneath him to obliterate both Sedriss and himself .
poke	Ash sees Jimmy is his new opponent , while Serena wishes to be the judge of their next battle .
poke	He tries to inspire everyone to go to the next city , but Max asks which town it is .
poke	Steven sees they have to go to a higher ground , but wonders how will he do it .
starwars	Porg stylized himself with silver body armor and a flowing red cape , as well as bandoliers around his ankles .
poke	Pikachu slips , causing Camerupt to jump across him and goes after the family house .
poke	Dustox uses Whirlwind , spreading a rainbow around , while James and Wobbuffet lift Jessica up .
poke	Brock promises to Nurse Joy he will get Max and the taller one to make up , even if Max refuses to have anything with the taller Max .
starwars	While navigating his way through the ruined factory , Mercurial Swift managed to find Vazeen 's shack .
starwars	In exchange for accepting an Imperial military occupation , Thrawn also agreed not to interfere in the local political and social administration and to exempt Ukio from war-level taxation and military conscription .
muppet	I uploaded a 600 px-wide version of this file , so now the size of the image on this page needs to be reduced to 250 px by an administrator.— Tom
poke	Drew is in trouble , but the masked man claims Drew did n't put much of a fight for a renowned Coordinator .
muppet	So -- annoying coincidence that we got hit with both of those events within a weekend . On the whole , the spam stuff works really well -- if we didnt have it , wed just be drowning in spam links all the time . But there are minor mess-ups and we need to figure them out . --
muppet	Can we change this listing be more accurate and reflect the true episode numbers and order ? -- user 2337 , March 9 , 2006
poke	The motor trips and Snorunt almost falls off , but Ash gets its hand and pulls it .
muppet	File `` The Tooth with Bobo the Bear and Pepe the King Prawn } }
muppet	Hey , Jon , thanks for keeping an eye on the person who was adding `` Hi-Tops video '' . I cant find any evidence of that anywhere , so thanks for taking care of it . --
muppet	Also , the `` someone '' youve been edit warring with is also an administrator , so please pay attention to any edit summaries they leave . Thank you .
muppet	The Canadian co-production of Sesame Street , initially known only as `` Sesame Street Canada '' , was rechristened Sesame Park in 1996 , with new Muppets and framing footage made specifically for the Canadian market . The American series has proved popular ; in 1990 , the OKeefe Centre added a tenth performance to their stop , a result of high demand .
muppet	During the `` Battle at Sea '' closing number in Episode 507 Glenda episode 507 of The Muppet Show , Glenda Jackson and the Pirates sing `` Sailing , Sailing '' . They are interrupted by Kermit the Kermit , Miss Piggy , Gonzo and the Chickens .
poke	James and Jessie , in disguise , come to them , saying Pokémon are not allowed to get aboard .
muppet	Secondly , what are your sources for some of your fact additions ? I reverted Droop , since its documented that the Ben Vereen episode was not his debut , but whats your source for saying that the debut Uncle Deadly sketch took place on a New Years Eve weekend ?
muppet	The description for the sketch with Big Bird cites The Wisdom of Big Bird as the source for Daniel Seagren performing Big Bird in that sketch . Actually , that appearance wasnt even mentioned in the book . Shortly after the Muppets Magic DVD was released , I saw a post at the Tough Pigs message baord from a member who got a letter from Karen Falk
muppet	Berts Bottle Caps is a 1994 Sesame Street color matching game for toddlers published by Golden . The game included 24 colored caps , a paper clip , and a spinner .
starwars	With Geonosis , along with other worlds , secured again for the Separatists , Archduke Poggle the Lesser made a deal with the Trade Federation and the Banking Clan to fund a new factory complex on his homeworld .
poke	They also accompany two children , who are angry at each other , for they want to evolve Clamperl that goes against their principles .
poke	Meowth hears them and tells James and Jessie to get Pikachu while it is exhausted , but they are in their own thoughts and do not listen to him .
muppet	A vine of green Grapes sang `` I Heard It Through the Grapevine '' with Gladys Knight in Episode 516 Gladys episode 516 of The Muppet Show .
poke	Ash thanks the compliment and becomes the new honorary citizen of the Crossgate Town and is recorded as the winner of the PokéRinger competition .
starwars	Well over thirty years later , the term was still in use and used by Poe Dameron in reference to stormtroopers of the First Order .
muppet	Are we really getting Muppeteers and other crew members to join up here ? Ive seen a couple , and I thought it was really neat ! Can we make a list somewhere , like `` Henson/Muppet Personnel Who Have Contributed to Muppet Wiki '' ? Just wondering ! --
starwars	Knowing that they could not beat the Griag , the Ewok companions fled the cavern .
poke	Max is amazed and wonders what his next Pokémon would be , but he stops when he thinks his father would give him a Slakoth .
poke	Just then , Team Rocket appears , whose Seviper starts battling Zangoose and injures it .
muppet	If its mentioned in the actual production , then its fine . If not , well move it back but can mention it in a note .
starwars	A droid starfighter destroyed the bridge to the Palace .
muppet	Hi Danny Thanks for your kind words about The Great Seal of the United States . When you get a chance , could you get back to me via email about the stuff that I sent you and Scott earlier today ? Thanks.— Tom
muppet	Is there a source for the information about Christines illness ? I feel a little uncomfortable posting such personal information . Was it published somewhere ? -- Toughpigs 2035 , 30 Dec 2005
starwars	The Galactic Empire suspected Winnis of being a Rebel informant who had provided the Alliance with information that had allowed them to kidnap a team of Cygnus Spaceworks designers , and a number of Imperial stormtroopers were posted to stand guard outside Winnis ' recovery room .
muppet	Is the name of the Inkspots a reference to the vocal group The Ink Spots ? --
starwars	The Flamewind of Oseon often twisted a braid of colorful radiation through the constellation as seen from the asteroids of the Oseon system .
starwars	After asking for a pet for years , Skywalker and Amidala 's great-granddaughter Allana Solo was given a nexu cub in 43 ABY .
muppet	So , one of my favorite sources , tvshowsondvd.com , is reporting that this will probably appear as a special feature on the SVU Season 6 DVD release , coming out in April . http//www.tvshowsondvd.com/news/Law-Order-Special-Victims-Unit-Season-6-Extras/8828 The only problem is , their source is reported as amazon.ca , which has two listings for this http//www.amazon.ca/Law-Order-Special-Victims-Sixth/dp/B0011KQSWM/ref=sr_1_10 ? ie=UTF8
poke	Brock admits he could n't stay at home , since everything was fine there and wanted to adventure more .
starwars	The resulting alliance between the Empire-in-exile and the Galactic Alliance Remnant went on to decimate Krayt 's Coruscant Third Fleet at Ralltiir , while on Dac , Sinde fought alongside the Mon Calamari Rangers in an effort to protect Mon Calamari refugees stranded on the planet .
starwars	In the `` Christmas in the Stars '' , Star Wars Christmas album , R5-D4 accidentally stood beneath some mistletoe at C-3PO 's party , and was kissed by Chewbacca .
muppet	`` Practice Makes Perfect '' is a song from the Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 109 Close Encounters of the Frog Close Encounters of the Frog Kind . ''
poke	Jessie and James persuade Pikachu that they are also his friends , and fool him successfully .
muppet	Did U happen to get my email regarding the Muppet Playhouse Video collection ?
poke	Nurse Joy promises Treecko will recover , but is n't impressed that Ash forced Treecko to fight so much .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-01-29T181213
muppet	Butlers cartoon voice career continued . For the Warner Brothers Looney Tunes , he was heard as The The Honeymousers and in various bit roles , and for Walter Lantz , he was several of Woody Woodpeckers antagonists as well as Chilly Willy . He truly made his mark in the television era , playing most of the stars of Hanna-Barberas animated series Huckleberry Hound , Yogi Bear , Quick Draw McGraw , Dixie and Mr. Jinks , Elroy , released theatrically in 1970 .
starwars	As a smuggler chief , Gillespee had a reputation as a con artist , and in his early days , had stolen the profits from a pilot who worked with him on the Kessel Run .
muppet	Sesameworkshop.org is the official website of Sesame Workshop . The site initially launched in 1997 as CTW.org , and included educational materials , for both parents and children . The original Childrens Television Workshop site included downloadable games plus number and alphabet coloring pages for the children . Parents could consult references covering `` everything from how to comb their babys hair to how to play with their 4-year-old . ''
poke	Birth again states that what she thought was a Silcoon was a Cascoon which evolves into Dustox .
starwars	He could also sense incoming attacks and use that knowledge to react accordingly , as seen when Hondo Karr attacked the Sith Lord .
poke	May decides not to participate , claiming she has more important things to do , surprising Max .
muppet	Henson It was a very different thing , certainly . A major change of direction for us , my company , the designers and all concerned . But it was fun . Dark Crystal was a story wed started working on even before the first Muppet movie , back in 75 or 76 . So it has been in development for a long time .
muppet	Since this is an official partnership between Google and Sesame Workshop
poke	The heroes are wandering the town , while Brock shows Savannah some good tomatoes .
starwars	Its government was among the first to throw its support behind Corellia in 40 ABY during the Second Galactic Civil War .
poke	The Poké Balls are safe and Max comments while Anthony and Pelipper fought dishonestly , they did show a team spirit .
starwars	Kegan did not have a currency , but relied on a barter system .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0511 , November 5 , 2009
muppet	`` Ride Em Cowboy '' is a recurring song in the direct-to-video `` Elmos World '' special , Elmos World Wild Wild West !
starwars	They guarded the vessel 's central chamber which stored several Sith artifacts including the mask of Lord Momin .
muppet	Song Going to the Library , Were Gon na Read
starwars	The `` Ghost '' travels to the Syndulla home .
poke	Jessie outrages , making James , Meowth and Seviper scared.Jessie then attacks the Seviper , scratching , kicking and battling with it until it is defeated .
starwars	The plot to assassinate Senator Amidala caused turmoil within the Jedi Council , who had sent Kenobi to the lost wild space planet of Kamino to track one of the two bounty hunters that were responsible for the threat against Amidala 's life .
starwars	feature of `` Star Wars Insider '' 133 .
starwars	After Blue Squadron made it through the shield gate , Red Squadron attempted a diversionary attack on the gate .
starwars	The two Jedi then moved into a cargo bay and went through a battle droid factory .
muppet	Although Camp Wannagohoma is not mentioned , Grover assumes an almost identical role in Sing-Along Earth Songs ; he serves as a guardian to a group of children to whom he intends to instruct on things found in nature . Every object he points out to define is something obviously ridiculous , to which the kids always point out in unison , `` No , its not ... '' and then correct him . The camp counselor Grover format was used again in the `` E-Mail '' section of `` Elmos World Frogs . ''
poke	Natasha panics , since she always forgets to say her name , so she introduces herself .
muppet	I do have a request about one other bit of CSS - the log hiding bit at the end . Could you possibly make that specific to the help namespace ? Im concerned about how it hides potentially valuable information on other pages .
poke	May lifts Bulbasaur up and tells she and her friends have been through towns like that one for a lot of time , which makes Bulbasaur happy .
poke	Tabitha orders Mightyena to use Shadow Ball , so Marius takes Max 's hand and drags him down to dodge it , along with Spheal .
poke	The ceremony requires the heir to the throne to seek out Togepi in order to succeed .
starwars	Gary Erskine
poke	Watt sends Ampharos , who uses Iron Tail , cutting the rope connecting to the net .
muppet	Douglas Adams sequel to The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy is referenced in the title of the Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 512 The Air Conditioner at the End of the The Air Conditioner at the End of the Galaxy '' .
poke	Ash sees the Contest had started , with Chaz 's Venomoth using Psychic to make things levitate .
starwars	However , the blockade was lifted when Canay was revealed to be behind the kidnapping of Chairman Papanoida 's daughters , Chi Eekway and Che Amanwe .
muppet	Indexes for relevant -fiction reference books useful to Muppet Wiki which lack indexes of their own . Sorted by book title , the index should consist of subjects , key words , or names , with page numbers , as an aid to citation or locating information
poke	Dusclops uses another Focus Punch , but this time Skitty successfully counters the attack with DoubleSlap .
starwars	Related to the nharpira , these creatures would paralyze their prey with venomous bites , which could cause paralysis in a Human in a matter of hours .
starwars	Leadership of the secret police was initially offered to Mara Jade Skywalker due to her previous exploits as an Emperor 's Hand .
poke	Before it hits the ground , Ash 's Swellow gains balance and gets back into the air , with dust spreading around .
muppet	12 is a number that comprises the sequence of digits 1 and 2 of the wikipedia Arabic Numeral System — the most widely used numeral system in the world .
starwars	HX-138 was a female Human shadow stormtrooper of the Galactic Empire .
poke	Nevertheless , Jacuzzi promises to work on returning Gulpin to its original size .
starwars	Active by the year 34 ABY , Sentient 7 and the Clankers performed the album `` Listen Up Meatbags , '' which featured the song `` Droid World . ''
starwars	Gokus refused to accept Zornog 's explanation , however , and demanded the return of Plooz within a day , or he would send his fleet to attack Sooma .
starwars	On their homeworld Issor , the conception of a new child was something that was negotiated between families , and not connected to romantic love at all .
poke	May insists to go to Fallarbor Town while Ash suggests they go to Lavaridge Town .
muppet	check out the early beta of my web app here please not I am a backend developer so the look and design wasnt my concern https//plagichekbeta.herokuapp.com
muppet	How are you finding all those random people to discuss Muppet stuff with on Twitter ? --
poke	The man approaches Ash , who introduces himself to Gym Leader , introducing himself as Brawly .
starwars	Reaching the spaceport just as Tholme and Vos destroyed the captured bacta freighter , the team returning to Coruscant stole one of the Combine 's spacecraft and took off , while the four remaining Jedi met up and returned to Avos .
poke	Jessica is startled because she was n't ready yet , while Pikachu uses Iron Tail , knocking Seviper out .
poke	Finally in Littleroot Town , Ash and Professor Birch discover that Pikachu has an electrical overload .
starwars	Bunna 's depot was later raided by Zumma and the Jedi 's Corporate Sector Authority arrived moments later , and Bunna was forced to surrender to them .
muppet	Mete frequently dubbed Bruce Willis , Robin Williams , and Kevin Bacon . He dubbed Richard Pryor and Spike Lee in three films each , Nathan Lane in The Producers , Brent Spiner on Star Star Trek The Next Generation and in the Trek movies , Kelsey Grammer for the first five seasons of Frasier , Jason Alexander on Seinfeld , Kevin Pollak in War Dogs , John Candy in Volunteers , Matt Frewer in Honey , I Blew Up the Honey , I Shrunk the Kids , and Frank the Pug in the Men in Black movies , among others .
poke	Seeing their enemies coming , James brings Cacnea , who hugs the former , uses Pin Missile to stop everyone .
muppet	It can be frustrating , and weve all been through it . But part of a community collaboration means sometimes not everyone agrees with you , and if a majority disagrees , then you can try to persuade them otherwise , but changing something back because you dont like what everyone else says isnt the best thing to do . So even if other users agree to the change this time , please keep this in mind for the future . And if they dont , find something else to work on
poke	In the forest , James is annoyed his plan did not work out , but Jessie and Meowth demand of him to stop whining and pack the Poké Balls .
muppet	Gary also appears in Episode 201 The Artist Formerly Known as episode 201 , and attempts to convince to put an act together with him .
starwars	Three of these entries were Qui-Gon Jinn , Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi , and Drenna .
poke	However , Tate needs to land the shuttle down , as the Baltoy can not hold the shuttle for long .
poke	Flannery explains her last challenger liked to use the move Dig a lot and forgot to clean up the battlefield , since she was caught up in training .
poke	Elsewhere , Ash has Swellow search for Pikachu and Brock has Mudkip do the same .
muppet	Hi , you dont have to add the categories to those pages . Take a look at the descriptions for each category , so you understand what theyre for . Scott
starwars	It had a propulsion system powered by a rocket .
starwars	On the planet Serroco , the Republic military made the mistake of placing its defensive fortifications within the cities of the native Stereb , believing that the Mandalorians would not attack their bases housed amidst a civilian population .
poke	The girl , who is a Gym Leader , introduces herself as Flannery , though Brock recalls the Gym Leader is supposed to be in charge by a man named Mr. Moore .
poke	Team Rocket , after failing to steal the Spinda is traveling in the balloon and find a Skarmory .
starwars	However , Dume and Kasmir had yet to steal their goods , so Dume went to talk with their business partner while Kasmir went to acquire the goods for the exchange .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0228 , April 8 , 2009
poke	Grace also finds it very important to use the power of the Pokémon to full potential during the Contest .
poke	Team Rocket sees the shiny rings the woman is wearing and hear the woman would pay a lot for the Phantom to be caught .
poke	The woman accuses them of attacking Bagon , but when the heroes explain Bagon attacked them first , she realizes she was wrong and removes her glasses , charming Brock for her appearance .
poke	However , Brock interrupts , as Ash needs to clean the dishes up , since it is his turn today .
muppet	Accessories Mallets , bass drum with logo , bongos , jar of Insta-Grow Pills
starwars	The Council , at the Bothan 's persuasion , allowed him to take over the running of several of Ackbar 's internal security duties , though the politician did not push his luck , and remained relatively quiescent , until a hearing on the Battle of Sluis Van where he made his move .
muppet	Annie Sue took a supporting role a couple of episodes later , singing `` The Rhyming Song '' in Episode 308 Loretta episode 308 with Fozzie Bear , Scooter and Link Hogthrob .
starwars	Astronomy was a subject taught at many schools across the galaxy , including the Jedi Temple where Anakin Skywalker learned it .
muppet	Another thing is the set from footage of Vila that I have seen , I have never seen that square or fountain before . Nor do I know much about Plazas 70s set from its scarce pictures . This could be something entirely independent from either show or an early version of either . However due to the puppet I am leaning more towards Vila .
muppet	Caesar Penguin is a penguin who appeared in the Elmos World episode `` Elmos World Penguins . '' Because he is an `` Emperor Penguin '' , his name and attire are modeled after the Roman Emperor Julius Caesar .
muppet	Scarborough Fair was a large and complicated production number in Episode 511 Paul episode 511 of The Muppet Show . Paul Simon sings the melody while playing a lute and strolling through a Renaissance fair , complete with musicians , maypoles , and sheep . Miss Piggy chimes in with the `` Parsley , sage , rosemary and thyme '' line in each verse ; she begins the song in her sweetest voice , but is bellowing by the last verse . Scooter plays a flute . Fozzie Bear wanders by and recites the nursery rhyme `` Simple Simple Simon met a pieman . '' At the end of the number , Link Hogthrob , as the sheriff , arrests Paul for `` playing a lute without a license . ''
muppet	Theres more tips on the Muppet Wiki FAQ page . Let me know if theres anything I can help you with ! MuppetVJ 0105 , 6 December 2006
starwars	Acceleration compensator
starwars	Despite the lack of a clear chain of command , old loyalists and a common fear of the rising Rebellion kept a vague semblance of unity between the surviving Imperial forces .
muppet	In the Sesame version , oviparous animals sing about their reproductive cycle . According to the song , `` doves do it , hawks do it , even puffins on the rocks do it . '' The birds sing together in the chorus `` Lets do it ! Lets lay an egg ! '' In another verse , we learn that snails do it , Slug .
poke	May points out Ditto was a decoy for Team Aqua and Ash should n't have returned it back .
starwars	Volzang Li-Thrull
poke	Norman does not know what Brock is talking about , who tries to impress Nurse Joy , but Kenny pulls him away .
muppet	Hey , G ! When you get a chance , if you could check the alien grouch name in Episode 1364 and weigh in on Othmar the Grouch , it would be appreciated . Thanks ! --
poke	Will Ash and his friends be able is capture the feisty Water-type Pokémon , or will it set them out to dry ?
poke	Can they be able to stop him , and will Misty say good-bye to the Pokémon she cared for so long ?
poke	The woman recalls that she lived here as a little girl , and the mansion was quite majestic and had beautiful gardens .
starwars	Cybernetic technology could be used to help repair a body or sustain a life to varying degrees .
starwars	This battle lays the groundwork for what will eventually result in the devastation of the planet , the destruction of the current incarnation of the Sith Order , and the rise of Darth Bane .
poke	Although the company changed its name , '' Leisure Concepts '' still operated as a separate subsidiary of the company , meaning the company may have decided to use the `` Leisure Concepts '' name for branding purposes .
starwars	Following Ania 's kidnapping , AG-37 attempted to track Ramid 's starships ' communications but received a response signal from her comlink , which they traced back to Port Lasgo .
starwars	The MC95A Star Cruiser was a Star Cruiser of Mon Calamari design .
muppet	Shirley also appeared on Muppets Tonight episode 106 Tony episode 106 as the Network Censor , where she was played by Leslie Carrara-Rudolph .
starwars	Ventor eventually earned the rank of Knight and was promoted to General himself , ending his collaboration with Kenobi .
poke	Ash decides to commemorate this battle to the sky , as well as to win his next badge .
poke	Arbok hits Pikachu , so Vigoroth attacks Arbok and Weezing , causing them to land on Team Rocket .
muppet	Part 3 Bert is still waiting for Ernie , and eats the ice cream before it melts all over his arm .
poke	James thinks that it might not be Jessie 's , so when Jessie wants a hug from it , the Wurmple refuses .
starwars	The Hutts eradicated Vodran culture and replaced it with beliefs more productive to the conquering species—including the false idea that the Vodrans existed only from the very moment they started serving the Hutts .
poke	Max is amazed to meet him and starts examining him , then he shows photos of Professor Oak from the magazine he got .
starwars	Upon reaching adulthood , Jawas were chosen to work on their sandcrawlers , and participate in the scavenger hunt , the search , trade and reselling of useful wares found within the deserts .
muppet	Also , please understand that this is not an attack on anyone . This is a concern about the reliabilty of the wiki , and the desire we all have to maintain its accuracy . —
starwars	Unidentified GR-75 medium transport ( Invasion of Yavin 4 )
muppet	The Los Angeles Times reported that Kermit will once again sing one of his signature songs , The Rainbow Connection to resurrect classic material , but also to show his range as an actor , as he says hes very dramatic in the film . In an interview Kermit said Segels `` a big kid , '' and added that `` the only problem is hes very tall , so I have to do most of my scenes standing on boxes . Hes 6-foot-3 , 6-foot-4 , and Im only about 18 inches high . '' Kermit also said hes excited to be back in the movies `` Not only is it a big project but we get to be big on the screen . Its good for all of us except Piggy . Shes not crazy about being any bigger . ''
muppet	The Muppets The Muppets sets the theatre within a studio in LA . This is the first Muppet production to do so , as far as I know . There are hints all over The Muppet Show that the theatre is located in New York City . Before we go ahead and make a case for it in the article , I just wanted to start listing examples here on the talk page . If you find one , add it to the bulleted list below with your signature and times stamp
starwars	The destroyer analog , sometimes simply destroyer , was the New Republic codename for a type of warship used by the Yuuzhan Vong .
poke	Abby throws balls to Skitty , who juggles them with Double Slap by using its tail , rather than its paws .
poke	Meanwhile , Jessie renews her Contest Pass and Ash , May and Brock get Passes also .
poke	Ash , May and May 's little brother Max are now en route to Rustboro City—and they 're hungry !
muppet	Coulthards other credits include the 1996 TV version of Emma .
muppet	For Sesame Street , Brill initially played a variety of minor roles , usually supplying little girl voices , but quickly established her first notable character , Praire Dawn They had a little pink puppet , they put on a blond wig , a party dress and asked me to create a character - a very feminine , girly-girl in the 70s . I came up with an innocent , pretty sound . I developed the character by working with her .
starwars	As her twin brother , Jacen Solo , was in Yuuzhan Vong custody and twins were held in special significance by the Yuuzhan Vong , her capture was deemed an important war objective to facilitate a twin sacrifice .
starwars	Sarini Island zoo was first mentioned in `` '' , a novel by Chuck Wendig , which was released on July 12 , 2016 .
muppet	Whats going on with Polly Dartons `` Just Say Howdy ? '' Could somebody please find information on it ?
muppet	As always , theres the caveat if it makes for a really interesting page , but that requires the user to go the extra mile , with quotes , career details and biography , and/or images , not just list one or two credits for a caterer and expect that to enthrall on its own . --
poke	Beautifly does so and negates Magical Leaf attack and hits Roselia away , shocking Drew .
starwars	In addition , he revealed that he thought of the Jedi Council as being at least as responsible for Qui-Gon 's death as the Sith who had killed him , and that it was their perceived short-sightedness and obstinacy which had truly lead him to leave the Order .
muppet	For the Muppets references to other books , see Literary References .
starwars	About that time , Mara Jade and Vader arrived , but Jade again covered for LaRone , saying they were on assignment to her .
starwars	Skal'nas tells Trill not to interfere and let the Je'daii attack .
muppet	In Episode 418 Christopher episode 418 , Christopher Reeve laments the fact that most guest stars get groupies , but he gets rats .
starwars	Centran
starwars	The thernbee communicated with Luke using its psychic powers devising a way to escape .
poke	This can be proven with a GameShark ; if the player character uses a walk-through-walls code to start a wild battle without having received a Starter Pokémon , then at the initiation of that battle , the player character will send out a ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? .
muppet	https//groups.google.com/forum/ # ! topic/alt.obituaries/vTH0MhTYYPQ
poke	Corphish battles Torchic , but Torchic manages to defeat Corphish once more , using Ember .
poke	The gang reaches the Camerupt Point , all they need is to wait for the moon to show .
poke	Even Jessie 's Wobbuffet is relaxing , despite James and Meowth being annoyed with their laziness .
muppet	Everyone who owns Jim Henson The Works has seen this image of Piggy appearing right on the inside flap , but does anyone know what they actually put her into this outfit for ? Was it from some photo shoot for Muppet Magazine , an actual performance , someones schoolboy fantasies ? ? ? I always wondered . —
starwars	The M-90 Galactic Scatterblaster was a type of scattergun produced during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire .
muppet	The main page images are still broken for me , but not the same ones as in Jonathans screenshots . Apparently were all seeing different things broken . So , if anyone finds problematic images , please post about them here .
muppet	Many of the characters with just one . I would suggest merging , removing or reworking
starwars	The week of June 20 , the 2010 membership packets began shipping .
muppet	He appeared in Episode 103 Joel episode 103 of The Muppet Show during the `` Comedy Tonight '' number . He sang one line and was performed by John Lovelady .
poke	Ash wonders why is Thatcher doing in the town , so Thatcher explains he joined the Pep Squad .
muppet	Your work on fixing the international merchandise categories inspired me , so now theres an Fraggle Internation Fraggle Rock category . Im working on adding pages for the other Docs and stuff
poke	Prof. Alden shows Ash and May a picture of the ruins , for a story tells there is a bridge that connects this world with an ancient Pokémon world .
starwars	Spice Visions
muppet	The float won the Bob Hope Humor Trophy for most comical and amusing entry . Also appearing on the float were Show walk-around versions of Bert Bert , Ernie Ernie , and Zoe Zoe .
poke	Treecko is launched and uses Quick Attack on Grovyle , while Slugma gets hit by Crabhammer .
poke	The trader gives him the Chimecho , but James sees it is that Magikarp trader , who sold him a fake Feebas earlier .
muppet	A user nominated The Muppets for inclusion in our http//entertainment.wikia.com/wiki/Introducing_New_Television_Footers television footer program . Would you be interested ?
muppet	Chester was later featured in the stage shows The Muppet Show On Tour ! and The Muppet Show on Tour 2nd Edition , and made cameo appearances in The Muppet Christmas Carol and Muppet Classic Theater .
poke	When James refuses to hand Chimecho over , he is reminded that Jessie borrowed her Dustox for the PokéRinger Contest .
muppet	I havent seen this special since , well , 1990 , so I might be remembering incorrecly , but wasnt a major part of the `` plot '' the fact that the Muppets were unaware that Henson had died until the very end ? I think this should be mentioned but Im hesitant to add it in case Im remembering incorrectly . 23skidoo 2232 , 30 October 2006
muppet	The Muppets Go to the Movies aired on ABC on May 20 , 1981 to help promote The Great Muppet Caper . The special was taped between March 9 and 17 , 1981 .
poke	Seeing there is a desert between Lavaridge Town and Fortree City , Brock proposes going back to Petalburg City though Mauville City .
poke	Treecko faces Seviper , who uses Poison Tail , but Treecko uses Quick Attack to dodge .
poke	The boys states Ash and Brock should just leave and Ash should just challenge another Gym .
starwars	Males were generally dominant , though mothers were respected more than any other Ebranites .
muppet	Im still working on the Muppet Babies episodes ... Im starting to feel like they made seven seasons just to punish me . Anyway , did you know there was an episode called Episode 608 Skeeter and the Skeeter and the Wolf ? I know you like that stuff ... --
starwars	Bleyd acquired the `` Stinger '' after specifically requesting it as his personal transport , following its seizure by Republic forces .
starwars	In 82 BBY , then-Jedi Padawan Dooku , on a mission to the planet Asusto with Jedi Master Lene Kostana and her Padawan Sifo-Dyas , had a Force vision of many possible futures during an encounter with the Presagers of Hakotei , a dark side-using cult .
muppet	Has anyone actually seen the Grouch Apprentice episode , and can confirm that the Trump Muppet * wasnt * used ? I cant get PBS reception in Syracuse , but I ask because of this description on the Sesame Workshop site
muppet	`` The Way That Youre Feeling Today '' is a song from the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 229 The Way I Feel The Way I Feel Today '' . Bear performs this to teach the importance of knowing and expressing ones own feelings .
starwars	It was rumored that part of Yeager 's success was due to using hyperfuel as a boost .
starwars	Sicemon
starwars	A number of field troopers were also assigned to one of Jerec 's cargo vessels , the `` Sulon Star '' .
poke	Swampy , May , Ash and Max come to the fence , finding it destroyed and the cans stomped .
muppet	So , what we have here is a page for a one-shot background Muppet with no dialogue , no real significance , no way of knowing a performer , and the article is really more about the prizes than the character . Its an awkward fan label
poke	Jessie and James search for Meowth ; suddenly a box begins to shake , causing a Golduck appear .
poke	Romeo wonders what if Juliet refuses to love Romeo , making May think he 'll be dumped .
starwars	Kancras
poke	Team Rocket cheers for Hansen , who promises he will give them great power , if they have Togepi before the ceremony tomorrow .
starwars	But this time , he plans to break them from the inside out ! ''
poke	Ash , Max and Marius admire the Oceanic museum 's exhibits , while Marius explains , being an marine biologist , he displays the exhibits .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0125 , December 11 , 2009
poke	However , when they arrive , the place is n't the Mauville City , but a vast of canyons .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Rock Characters page .
poke	He falls down , worrying May he will get hurt , but Alanna reminds them the King of Tricks does these things every year .
muppet	The short version is that titles go in italics . That includes movies , television series , books , album titles and specials . Episode names and songs go in quotations . -- Scott Scarecroe 0228 , 5 February 2006
starwars	However , the Force-sensitive Stele sensed a dangerous power about the crystal when Ketcher first found it .
starwars	During numerous years , the Corsec had adopted a policy of containment rather than destruction .
starwars	In a bar at Coruscant , Count Dooku would again send the two bounty hunters to seize Padmé Amidala to prevent her from influencing other senators ' thoughts .
starwars	The officer vows to discipline TK-421 for dispatching the willful G7 and tells Blagg to leave the handling of the trooper to him .
poke	Ash claims he and his Pokémon have to work as a team to defeat Brawly , inspiring his Pokémon .
starwars	Observatories and their connection to unknown space were previously introduced in `` '' .
starwars	In their escape , D-Squad located a group of Republic droid survivors that recounted that the Separatists boarded and hijacked the Star Destroyer .
starwars	Durron remarked that that was obvious , and Hamner informed him that he was out of line .
starwars	The hallways of the `` Endar Spire '' were colored white , with maroon strips running across them while the floor was colored gray .
starwars	Upon his refusal , S'ybll released her blood eater , which headed for the two scouts .
muppet	He received his name in Episode 507 Glenda episode 507 , where he performs a bomb balancing act . Steve Whitmire performed him in the episode .
muppet	Please respond right away .
muppet	Um , http//www.facebook.com/apps/application.php ? id=31861389411 this app still exists . -- Zanimum 1920 , February 1 , 2010
muppet	Should something be mentioned about the songs prominence on the earlier puppet show Time for Beany ? It was a recurring element both there and on Beany
starwars	Halowan was a barren planet in the Fakir sector of the Bakchou arm .
starwars	Overlooking the airbase on the top of a cliff , Rex noticed the gorge that led to the heavily-fortified base was narrow , which would force the troops to walk in single squads .
muppet	Clash of the Film Festival Being Elmo A Puppeteers Journey , a film about Elmo puppeteer Kevin Clash , premieres at Sundance Film Festival to good reviews .
poke	Brock tries to flirt with the doctor , claiming he has a broken heart , but Max pulls his ear away .
starwars	The 2012 reference guide `` '' explains the backstory behind Sajar 's duel with Braga in an entry on the Kel Dor Jedi , though it mistakenly places the duel on Nar Shaddaa instead of Dantooine .
starwars	The medal itself was primarily silver with gold at the top and onyx at the bottom , as well as an enclave at the center depicting a blue starry mass .
starwars	Orbital Shipyard CC-24
starwars	These warships were pledged by the House of Tagge in support of Imperial warships during the Yavin blockade , and were under the command of General Ulric Tagge .
starwars	The AT-STs were in Ilum when the Empire started mining the world to acquire Kyber crystals .
poke	Mr. Moore , in disguise , watches what is happening and is ashamed Flannery has n't cleaned the battlefield .
starwars	The book features five bounty hunter characters which are visually similar to the ones depicted in `` The Empire Strikes Back '' , based on the cover image .
muppet	They even keep the same pets Bertha has a pet pigeon named Francine who she introduces to Berts pet pigeon Gus .
poke	May is aware the Contest starts in two weeks , but does not think that is much of a problem .
muppet	The tune can also be heard at the end of `` Make Em Laugh '' in Episode 403 Shields
starwars	As a result , more than a few Walkers , including several 501st squads , were lost while trying to attack an Atoan city that was built to move like a ship on the tar-pits .
poke	Her Electrode , painted like a watermelon , goes to her , who denies these are the thieves it saw .
poke	Pikachu and Milotic use Iron Tail to clash with each other , but the latter 's attack is much stronger .
starwars	Meanwhile , Leia and her team discovered that Rinnrivin was also hiding on Sibensko .
starwars	During the time of the Conquest of Makeb , the rank was held by Grevin in opposition to the Republic strike force and the citizens of Makeb .
poke	Later they meet the Gym Leader , Winona , who scheduled in Ash 's request for a Gym Battle , but in the meantime they should have some fun .
starwars	Since the gravity failure had been set to trigger when the ship entered or exited hyperspace , there was no way to tell whether the saboteur was still aboard .
starwars	At some unknown point , Imperial Intelligence learned that the Galactic Republic operated a prison on the planet Belsavis known as `` the Tomb '' .
starwars	Having used the `` Skate '' as bait , the Y-wings were able to destroy several enemy fighters , and link up with the Rogues .
starwars	When Bane 's two surviving opponents realized that Zannah had killed their companion , they turned to face her , and Bane responded by severing the Human 's weapon-hand and beheading the Equine Jedi , Valenthyne Farfalla .
muppet	The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are a popular superhero team of anthropomorphic reptiles who began in a series of comics in 1984 and gained greater fame with an animated series which ran from 1987 to 1996 . In 1990 , the Jim Hensons Creature Jim Henson Creature Shop supplied animatronic versions of the characters for a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles theatrical film adaptation and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the its sequel . The third film and an animatronic television series , The Next Mutation , were produced entirely without the involvement of Henson .
muppet	Hi Max -- Im confused by your Deceased Characters category . Why are Gonzo , Bunsen , Beaker and the Swedish Chef in that category ? I dont see any connection between them and death . --
muppet	However , after the season premiere , it appears that `` yesterdays letter '' is also a sponsor . It should follow M-2 , B-M-3 , B-S-4 , G-S-5 , G-N-6 , etc . In the wiki , only Episode 0295 , Episode 0319 , Episode 0327 seem to break the pattern . Other than those , our information is the same as the pattern except each show is missing the `` yesterdays letter '' sponsor .
poke	Ash calls Grovyle back , while Juan warns the former will have a hard time battling in the Hoenn League if such small surprises would upset his battle .
poke	They are all proud , knowing they will earn that promotion from the boss once they are done .
muppet	Come Along , Sing a Song ! is a 2010 Sesame Street Play-a-Song storybook . Elmo takes a tour through the museum , learning about opposites . Readers can click buttons on the music player to play seven songs .
muppet	During the early years of Sesame Street , these cartoons were also shown dubbed in Spanish . On the Shalom Sesame videos , Hebrew dubbed versions of # 4 , # 6 and # 8 appear , respectively , on Show 3 Kibbutz , Show 5 Jerusalem , and Show 6 Chanukah . The Sesame Street Unpaved Sesame Street Unpaved book features stills of the race cars on the first page of each chapter . The spies from these segments appear on the cover of The Sesame Street Book of Numbers .
muppet	Should the Betty Lou and Helen Happy pictures be merged for this page ? Theyre the exact same puppet with different names , and having two pictures of it isnt really illustrating anything . Scooter 2112 , 14 August 2006
poke	The Seedot are happy , but Birch realizes they have to find a new home for them .
muppet	Twiddlebugs are a species of colorful insects who live in Ernies window box . While the species was established in season 2 , the main Twiddlebug family was introduced in season 5 .
muppet	I have a present for you ... how can I make sure you get it ? MuppetVJ 0723 , January 7 , 2010
starwars	Goa-Ato
poke	Beautifly uses Gust , so the attack redirects to Dustox , hitting it and damaging the machine under its tie .
muppet	Whats the http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Character_birthdays ? diff=561313
muppet	Paco is a green parrot who appeared on the first run of Plaza Sésamo . He was the shows equivalent to Oscar the Grouch , whom he shares many characteristics with , especially his tastes in food he has an affinity for `` sardinas con miel '' . Paco usually appeared from inside a window .
muppet	https//www.npr.org/2018/12/05/673774297/a-dutch-holiday-tradition-protesting-a-christmas-character-in-blackface
starwars	During the opening stages of the war , Kalenda briefed Admiral Cha Niathal and Jacen Solo on a meeting that the separatist movement , instigated by the Bothan faction , was holding to elect a new supreme commander .
poke	The latter tries attacking with Hydro Pump , but Pikachu comes close to Milotic 's face and flips it into the water .
poke	Ash , however , remembers its adventures with Pikachu , as well as some of their Gym battles .
muppet	eric jacobson lefty salesman , professor hatings , tessie twiddlebug , prince charming
starwars	On the city 's grandest square , columns of Gungan warriors and musicians marched through Theed to the sounds of cheering and singing .
starwars	Skywalker and Amidala sabotaged the ship 's navigation computer , and the group returned to the Republic fleet .
poke	Ash whispers the plan how to scare Corphish , so it wo n't be going away and doing some stuff on its own , without Ash ordering it to .
starwars	The attack caused Guld to drop his blaster and he activated his emergency beacon to request help from the nearby Jedi Enclave , hoping that the scene would appear as if Rickard was the murderer .
starwars	Humbar
poke	As Ash and Brock watch May and Winona speeding up Skarmory , he comments that Fortree City 's residents have respect for the sky and commemorate it with Flying Pokémon and holding this carnival .
muppet	In June 2012 , http//www.youtube.com/show/sesamestreet/videos ? view=1 select episodes of Sesame Street were made available to purchase , as well as http//www.youtube.com/show/sesamestreetclassics/videos ? view=1 classic episodes .
poke	Team Rocket is pleased and glad they finally can do something , while Giovanni expects these losers to be fodder , as he wants to know about Team Aqua and Magma .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the in Sesame Street Merchandise page .
poke	He states while they managed to overturn the situation , he still considered a lack of concentration and teamwork for letting the Fire Spin attack nearly out of control .
muppet	During filming , an ad for Gnomeo
muppet	You should start a thread if its not clear to you where the info came from .
poke	While going through the halls , Kennedy thinks the president chose Max to guide through the facility , since Max reminds the president of his son , Steven , who is a skilled trainer .
poke	Hal decides to keep the lake a secret , wishing to let Trapinch 's evolution gathering to be left in piece .
poke	They plan to make one of the Slakoth evolve into Vigoroth and battle it against Snorlax .
poke	Makuhita uses Arm Thrust , knocking Treecko down , but the latter stands up and uses Pound .
poke	Maxie tells Tabitha they were fools to believe they could control as powerful as a Groudon .
starwars	TR-7 personnel carrier
starwars	Chancellor Palpatine did not reveal the articles of the Act or the scope of the vote beforehand , but had it been put to a vote , it would likely have been a yes/no matter on the issue , according to HoloNet News .
starwars	As indicated by the name , it includes scale models of the X-34 landspeeder .
muppet	The song appears again in Episode 515 Carol episode 515 as one of the various music rhythms interrupting Carol Burnetts performance of Watch What Happens .
starwars	In the original plan , colonies were to be established in the new territories that Outbound Flight scouted , and in this way the Republic would gain a foothold in the Unknown Regions and grow further .
muppet	A second-hand shop near me has a Super 8 of The Muppet Movie , and Im thinking about buying it . How rare is it ? On the Wikia page about the home releases of The Muppet Movie it says `` UK Super 8 home movie film releases . Running time unknown . Contains significant number of shots and alternative aduio tracks that didnt make it into the final movie '' .
starwars	There are five generations of the Nintendo DS : the Nintendo DS , the Nintendo DS Lite , the Nintendo DSi , the Nintendo DSi XL , and the 3DS , the console 's successor .
starwars	Jeth , however , felt the potency of the dark side much stronger there ; he was sure that they were indeed going in the right direction .
muppet	Youre welcome . I have a 12 x 18 scanner in my office at work , so I can scan big stuff on my employers time . ) Also , check out the scans on the The Muppets on the Road page ; those postcards are mighty cute , too ! — Tom
starwars	He stalked off , perturbed , and returned to his duties , while Tull spent the rest of the day assisting the Jedi with setting up and running the camp .
poke	Roselia launched the attack in a different direction , leading Team Rocket to believe the former missed .
poke	James sees Pikachu needs a new memory , but Meowth shushes him , for they are here to remind Pikachu about his past .
muppet	Instruments Phil Neighbors
poke	license is still in effect due to TV Tokyo , NAS and ADK not terminating the agreement properly .
starwars	Having decapitated the Alanciari government , Bentado then put his next plan into action : destroying the remaining sixteen ships of the Lost Tribe which were traveling towards Alanciar .
starwars	A short time later , the station was destroyed during an attack by the Rebel Alliance fleet , and all six Advisors—as well as both Vader and the Emperor—were killed .
starwars	Grasping Dume 's conviction , he conceded and watched Dume climb aboard the `` Farbrooke 's Hope '' , which he had renamed the `` Escape '' , finally addressing him as Caleb Dume .
muppet	I see that Grover add the info about Jeff Moss , but is there a source for this ? Nothing under this title is listed in ASCAP or BMI . - Oscarfan 0046 , January 6 , 2010
poke	Soon , Skitty is feeling better , so the doctor advises May to give Skitty some rest .
poke	Ash says he can take all at once , so the boys send all their Pokémon to battle .
starwars	He also learned and other at the music venue and cultural center in .
starwars	An IR suppressor was a engine component that was employed to hide exhaust heat from sensors .
starwars	It was one of the few countermeasures to the toxic wildlife .
starwars	This indicates that the Huttese word `` gasha '' does mean `` sun . ''
poke	However , he soon falls into a pitfall , so May claims Ash just needs more practice .
starwars	Additionally , the scene does not fully clarify whether the remark is addressed to the named `` proctor of information science '' Vor Duull , who has just arrived aboard the flagship in the retinue of the Viceroy , or an officer with similar responsibilities serving in the flagship 's own crew .
muppet	Elmo made his earliest named appearance in Season 11 Season 11 , where he was first performed by Brian Muehl . In this early appearance , Elmo communicates with Maria only in mumbles . After he was established on the show , press releases for Season 12 Season 12 described him as a character who communicates with sounds rather than words .
starwars	sometime before the Battle of Yavin .
starwars	Yoda then attempted to teach Tano about how the two blades are like master and apprentice .
muppet	Which one is Dave in TMM ? -- Scarecroe 1955 , 16 Dec 2005
muppet	Oh , lovely . Ill show these to Doug and see if he can help ... Where did you find these ? Theyre amazing . --
poke	That button caused the submarine to go at an enormous speed back into the water .
muppet	Hey , this article has three different quotes with one reference . Im assuming this was before we started using the REF tags and that theyre all for the same thing ? Scott
starwars	The idea would not appear in any `` Star Wars '' product for twenty-two years ; Lucas chose 1999 's as the opportunity to first mention the midi-chlorians , explaining why some were sensitive to the Force while others were not , an issue that he had left unresolved since the original film .
poke	Jessie goes to take the blue pearl , but Clamperl 's shell closes , so James tries to open it , but fails .
starwars	The evacuation was completed in a matter of hours , but the Alliance suffered major losses .
muppet	Zebediah hasnt inspired long debates and speculation on performer , as Astoria has . If you want to raise the question , it might be worth removing , but your earlier post implied it as being because youre sure theyre the same performer as much as anything . Take a look at some of the items in Performer as well . When a dispute occurs , then a citable source is needed beyond just vocal comparisons . Thats how Muppet Wiki has handled these matters .
poke	Dustox is near the ring , but Swellow uses Wing Attack on the ring , throwing it on the hook , while Dustox crashes .
starwars	It had a chilly climate and a surface that featured forests and tree-covered hills .
poke	He learns they were called to meet someone at a set of ruins , and her Baltoy is a key .
starwars	Most Jenets were fluent in both the Jenet language and Basic .
starwars	The training grounds were overseen by Jedi Master Ferroda .
starwars	With the launch of `` Galactic Strongholds '' , guilds have two choices as to where they can establish Headquarters—they can choose a Guild-owned Stronghold or they can purchase a Flagship .
poke	However , then they realize May would be angry , as she is no fool to believe that .
poke	However , Pikachu is being binded by Ariados ' String Shot , so Treecko carries Pikachu away , rescuing him from Yanma 's Sonic Boom .
muppet	A number of different methods are used when performers only perform the voices . In the early days , Jim Henson would pre-record the voices and the performers would perform to the pre-recorded tracks . Other times , a performer would perform somebody elses character , including the voices , live as a scene is being shot , while the voice would later be dubbed by the usual performer . Sometimes , the usual performer would record the lines live on the set while another puppeteer would perform the puppetry . In his last years of life , this was especially the case with Jerry Nelson and his characters .
muppet	I also typed out all of Kermits monologue , and character descriptions for all the new puppets who appear . Should I add it ? Or would it be better donated to another website ? Im sure it could use some edits and/or revision.— User
poke	Max , Brock , May and Janet watch the start of the Contest , where the announcer presents Mr. Sukizo , Nurse Joy and Raoul Contesta , the judges of the Pokémon Contest .
muppet	As the everything-but-verbal Bag , Rickey has the demanding job of infusing his character with personality traits and mannerisms that will portray Bags meaning without words . He also plays the character of Argyle Sock and gives this character a great Scottish accent . Rickey began his puppeteering career as an assistant at Jim Henson Productions in 1988 . His TV credits include Muppet Sing-a-Long , Muppets at Walt Disney World , and Pikes Picks . ''
starwars	Umbaran Militia
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1800 , November 9 , 2009
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile , empowered by Meowth 's gun , but the Wynaut make a formation and use Safeguard , protecting the heroes .
muppet	As of 2015 , both the Johnny and Sal puppets have deteriorated .
starwars	During the mission , the rebels and Rau discovered that the Imperial Viceroy Gar Saxon had decimated the Protectors .
poke	Anthony promises to train Pelipper `` the right way '' , while the heroes leave to Rustboro City .
starwars	In 35 ABY , he was part of the Resistance 's landing team who fought Sith Eternal forces on the surface of the `` Steadfast '' command ship during the Battle of Exegol .
starwars	The biolab had four work tables in the center of the room , and also had four mini-labs lining the back wall .
muppet	source//www.acecandy.com/atvforums/viewtopic.php ? t=1887|http//www.acecandy.com/atvforums/viewtopic.php ? t=1887
muppet	This was discussed below in March 08 , but it wasnt really resolved . Austin posted this information on Muppet Central , based on a conversation with Marty Robinson
poke	Pikachu goes to help Tokin , so James sends Cacnea to stop him , but instead the latter clings to the former .
poke	Meanwhile , with Team Rocket , James has disguised himself into Juan , so they plan to attack their enemies .
poke	Wurmple eats everyone 's food at a fast speed , then walks up to May and falls asleep .
muppet	I ’ ll just say this Rap and rapper were terms coined by the media to describe hip-hop music , after so-called street-corner rapping and expressions such as “ let me rap to you , brother. ” True heads use hip-hop music and emcee . R
muppet	I looked for the other image of this cartoon on Episode 2820 , but I dont see anything ... am I not looking hard enough ? Wattamack4 0245 , November 14 , 2009 Alex
muppet	Jim Henson The Works says that this was actually a `` Snow White '' pilot . Whats the reference on Cinderella ? -- Danny Toughpigs 1443 , 9 Jan 2006
poke	Pikachu attacks with Iron Tail on Walrein and Grovyle with Leaf Blade on Quagsire , but both fail when Quagsire and Walrein switch sides , causing Ash 's Pokémon to bump into each other .
muppet	Outside of the sketch pages , if the goal is to try to reduce use of the template .
starwars	The Raid on Pantolomin took place during the Thrawn campaign .
starwars	Harrgun was a male Wookiee who was killed during the liberation of the Wookiee homeworld Kashyyyk .
muppet	Yeah , that is possible too . - Jon
poke	Hariyama uses Arm Thrust , but Treecko evades , using the rocks to navigate and pounds Hariyama 's legs , weakening it further .
muppet	In the Elmos World episode `` Elmos World Telephones '' , Wonders song `` I Just Called To Say I Love You '' plays in the background of a film of a girl named Maya making her first phone call .
poke	During the trip , the car is attacked by Pin Missile , causing the tire to become flat .
poke	Ash , May and Alanna have come to a maze , though Ash is confident he can overcome this with his eyes shut .
starwars	In his overconfidence , he believed that he would become the third member of Solo and Chewbacca 's team , and even suggested a couple of possible future joint cons to them .
starwars	Dibs took this as mockery and ignited his lightsaber , intending to take Windu 's life .
muppet	Given the Minor TV Mentions # Phineas_and mentions and connections on the show , plus the promo for The Muppets The Muppets being attached to the Phineas and Ferb movie , I think we should have a page for just Phineas and Ferb . What does everybody else The Worlds Smelliest Onion
muppet	Please see talk Up ! Characters . — Scott
poke	Brock throws rope and his Lotad uses Water Gun to push the rope , onto a tree atop the waterfall .
muppet	As for where to put it , if we need to , Facebook , Streamable , Google Drive , DailyMotion , and Vimeo are some good options .
poke	He goes to a cliff , so the Wynaut grab each other 's hands and Drew goes downwards the bridge they made themselves .
poke	James sees they could climb back up and face the Breloom or fall into the ground below , making Jessie yell out .
muppet	Hey , Kyle ! I saw you making some corrections on the Monsters ! album . Do you have that one ? I might need to ask you a question when I get to it . Also , I hear you have other Sesame Street records . Can you give me a list sometime ? It would be good to confirm information with somebody who has them . Thanks for your help ! --
muppet	This season introduces new Muppet characters including a group called the Twiddlebug Family
poke	Samantha thanks Torkoal and Corphish , while Brock warns Lombre Corphish or Torkoal could impress Mawile .
poke	Jacuzzi is uncertain what to do , since the Gulpin wo n't fall for the PokéBlock trick twice .
muppet	`` The Happy Wanderer '' is sung by three hiking pigs .
muppet	Ernie and Bert Ernie and Bert Ernie sings `` I Love My Room '' about all the things he can do in his room - which is also Berts room .
starwars	The commotion was soon heard by the Ewoks ' Chief Chirpa who called the Ewok warriors together with a loud battle cry .
poke	Brock asks why is he wearing a Zigzagoon disguise ; Nicholai answers that he wears Pokémon suits to feel what it is to be a Pokémon so he may capture them much more easily , allowing him to challenge the Petalburg City 's Gym Leader .
poke	Jessie is frustrated , but remembers James telling her not to use Double-Edge , so orders Chimecho to use it .
poke	Officer Jenny arrives and her Tangela uses Vine Whip to pull the woman and the heroes out .
muppet	Looking at instances about seasons listed , I know that the guides often list production codes by segments with the first two numbers representing what season it was taped , but are there also guides that just list seasons without .
muppet	In 2001 , Bear in the Big Blue House creator Mitchell Kriegman helmed a new Winnie the Pooh series involving Bunraku-style puppetry combined with digital backgrounds . The new series , titled The Book of Pooh and produced outside of The Jim Henson Jim Henson Productions , used most of the same voices as the animated version but with many Muppet alumni puppeteering the characters , and other crew hold-overs . Both Bear in the Big Blue House and Book of Pooh were shown in the Playhouse Disney block of programming on Disney Channel . Characters from both shows also shared the stage in Playhouse Disney Live on Stage ( Disney-MGM Playhouse Disney Live on Stage at Walt Disney World Disneys Hollywood Studios and Disney California Adventure .
starwars	Their livers struggled to eliminate sulfur from their system , meaning that long-term use could be dangerous .
muppet	The end of Talk 0001 # 40th-anniversary book bonus a section on Episode 0001s talk page reminds me , on Old School Vol . 2 in this episode , when Maria gives David the present , it fades out before they kiss because she sings a few seconds of `` Happy Birthday . '' Seems fair , seeing as its still copyrighted here ...
poke	Ash runs off to chase after Treecko , while May taunts Max , angering him for his slowness .
poke	While Ash preps up for his rematch with Brawly , Corphish pinches the ears of a Loudred , causing it to scream .
poke	The Contest begins , so the announcer welcomes the audience to the Contest and introduces the judges : Mr. Contesta , Mr. Sukizo and Slateport City 's Nurse Joy .
poke	Brock and Max stop it in time , since Spoink should return Igglybuff to its trainer .
muppet	Im about to upload screenshots for all the names you linked . Let me know if I can get more !
poke	Jessie begins to talk to Clamperl , but uses Water Gun , pushing her onto a tree .
starwars	Red Squadron and Gold Squadron would fly into the Death Star 's trench and fire into a secondary thermal exhaust port leading from the main exhaust port of the battlestation , which would cause it to explode from within .
starwars	Nass ' tenure as Boss ended sometime before or during the Clone Wars , and he attended Amidala 's funeral after her death at the end of the war .
starwars	Communications from outsiders that contacted a Yuuzhan Vong fleet typically spoke to the lowest ranking warrior within the fleet .
muppet	Articles on Muppet Wiki should be written from a neutral point of view , representing all views fairly and without bias . Post facts , not opinions . If you write about an issue that fans disagree about , describe the debate without taking sides . Avoid `` weasel words '' like `` Many fans think x , '' which is usually just a way of attributing your own opinions to other people . For more discussion , see Wikipedias article on NPOV .
poke	Beautifly uses Gust and String Shot , with the latter move causing Beautifly to be entangled .
starwars	By time of the outbreak of the Clone Wars , a conflict between the Republic and the separatist Confederacy of Independent Systems , Toryn had became a long-serving and respected member of the Senate who was well-known as a staunch supporter of the Jedi .
muppet	In the episode `` Muffin Buffalo , '' lead character Jaye is playing Pictionary with her family and her friend Pat . While Jayes sister draws frantically , Pat shouts out guesses as to what shes drawing `` Its a frog ! Hes singing ! Rainbow Connection !
poke	Start Pokemon Black 2 or White 2 after you complete the setup described in the instructions below .
poke	Corphish , along with Pikachu , Silcoon , Torchic , Lotad and Mudkip get lost and soon they encounter a tribe of Nuzleaf .
muppet	She performed with Chamki at the Global Citizen The World On Stage event at NYU Skirball Center on September 22 , 2016 in New York City .
poke	Some villagers come out of their homes and Brock tries to flirt with a girl named Mary , but Max pulls him away .
muppet	Also , whats this nerf ball/plastic spoon thing for the 1969 Ernie ? Is that true ? Ive never heard that . Also , most Muppet eyes are made from toys called Wacky Stacks . Sounds like speculation to me . Scooter 2041 , 7 February 2006
starwars	Aphra guided the hunters to her and the beast 's location past several traps .
starwars	Renegade Squadron
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt to knock down the fruit , but the fruit gets taken by Taillow , who quickly eat them .
starwars	To test Chalis 's knowledge on the Empire 's resources , Namir 's squad was sent to destroy a distillery , which would put the operations there back by ten years according to the former governor .
muppet	I read somewhere
muppet	Payne received special credit as a historian on The Muppets A Celebration of 30 Years . He also appeared in four 1974 episodes of Mister Rogers Neighborhood as a puppeteer with Bob Browns marionette company .
poke	Max and May wish to see their father , but Caroline claims he is absent for a bit .
starwars	Meanwhile , Loran and Tainer discovered and captured the treasonous ex-Senator Viqi Shesh , who had been reluctantly aiding the Yuuzhan Vong .
muppet	Does the Dr Nobel Price sketch with Warren Wolf have Kermit in it at all ? -- Scott Scarecroe 1504 , 11 February 2006
poke	Jessie comes to Lunatone , but is affected by its red light and orders everyone to get out .
muppet	The Fraggles went on to grace the cover a few more times over the series run , while other issues featured full page articles on the show .
muppet	Córdova had a recurring role on The Good Wife in 2011 . He starred in the short Chaser with Gina Rodriguez .
starwars	`` At last . ''
muppet	Please observe the usual Muppet Wiki and Guidelines when starting new pages , and feel free to ask here if anyone needs help .
starwars	The strike force , a mixed force of stormtroopers with repeaters , four dewback troopers , five ASP-7 labor droids , deployed from the seven landing craft and spread out .
poke	Max spots Ralts is getting weaker , and Brock realizes it has a much more worse illness than a cold .
muppet	I think our articles on the DVD box sets should cover the whole DVD presentation - not just an image of the front cover , a list of the episodes and bonus features , and a list of international releases and re-releases . We should describe the whole DVD - including the menus and the packaging .
starwars	Hasbro manufactures action figures and a number of other `` Star Wars '' –branded toys and games , including `` Galactic Heroes '' , `` Star Wars `` , the , and board games such as `` Star Wars '' –themed Monopoly .
poke	Team Rocket , who is tired and exhausted , have also arrived to Lavaridge Town .
poke	May is not pleased , as their scheme was working fine , but shuts her mouth , as Mrs. Grimm heard that .
poke	They soon see Claydol stomping on the costumes and are terrified to know Claydol would 've crushed them .
poke	Ash and friends set many traps for the terror and discover its identity , Corphish .
starwars	Kallus broke free of Imperial custody during the battle and was taken in by the `` Ghost '' , and accompanied the surviving rebels to the base on Yavin 4 , thus escaping from certain execution .
muppet	Theres more tips on the Muppet Wiki FAQ page . Let me know if theres anything I can help you MuppetVJ 2233 , 10 December 2006
muppet	The height of pop-culture awareness for the crew of the Swinetrek occurred in 1981 . As part of NASAs morning wake-up call tradition , by which the crew of the space shuttle are awakened with stirring music , familiar song lyrics , or comedy routines in order to boost morale and encourage camaraderie between the astronauts and their mission control colleagues , the crew of the Wikipedia Shuttle Space Shuttle Columbia , part of the STS-2 mission , were greeted by Pigs in Space on two consecutive mornings . Specially recorded by the Muppet performers for this occasion , two separate comedy routines were heard , one on the morning of November 13 , and another on November 14 , where it followed a rendition of `` Columbia , Gem of the Ocean '' by a flight directorate band .
starwars	When a dozen Cybot Galactica officers were sent there for twenty years following a disaster on Etti IV , they contracted with the Penitentiary officials to form what would become Cestus Cybernetics .
poke	Taillow and Forretress are the only Pokémon left with the heroes , who see the others have gone out .
poke	A meeting was scheduled on December 13 , 2012 , to confirm 4Kids ' plan to exit Bankruptcy .
starwars	Fostin Nine was a moon located in the Outer Rim .
poke	They come to a field , where they all see footprints of Pikachu , Meowth and Zigzagoon .
starwars	In , Teebo appears to be taller than the other featured Ewoks ( second only to then-deceased Chukha-Trok overall ) , has gray and black stripped fur .
starwars	The battle was fought between the Galactic Empire and the planet 's civilians .
muppet	It just occurred to me how ridiculous it was that That 70s Show never made a Muppet mention , so I went out to prove myself wrong by searching some TV transcripts and came across these http//www.google.com/search ? num=50
muppet	This is a list of characters from Sesame Street who have appeared on the Sesame Street float each year . The list is partial ; other characters may have appeared on the float as well .
poke	Max is saddened , but May reminds him she got to see how the Donphan fell in love with each other .
poke	It does retain the oddities common to many glitch Pokémon , including instant corruption of a player 's Hall of Fame .
poke	When the three are almost unable to move due to freezing effects of snow cones , Team Rocket reveals their true identity and steals Ash 's Pikachu .
muppet	There are only a few sketches listed here that we dont have screenshots for now . Im parking the Nobel Price skits for socks and boots here because we havent had anything else to say about them for years . The http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=Sesame_Street_News_Flash
starwars	Ord Pardron was a planet located in the galaxy 's Mid Rim that was a safe world for the Alliance to Restore the Republic .
starwars	Fragments from the Mind 's Eye
muppet	Part 2 Tom is still trying to think of the word hes missing . `` Up '' flashes on the screen again , but doesnt help him . Instead , he tries `` Across , across and away ! '' and zooms to the side out of frame where he crashes . Back in frame , he says he doesnt think that was the word either .
poke	James sends Cacnea to fight , but it clings to him , while Jessie sends out Seviper .
starwars	The book has a number of errors , some printings notably transposing sketches of the `` Imperial '' - and `` Victory '' -class Star Destroyers .
muppet	Hi , we had to revert the additions you made concerning Between the Lions . The show has a page on the wiki because of its crossovers and connections to what the wiki covers , but we dont go beyond that . Feel free to look over out Muppet Wiki and Guidelines , or ask one of the contributors here if you need help . Thanks ! Scott
muppet	I think that for the bigger multi-disc collectors box sets , and including the disc artwork seems , seems somewhat interesting and notable from a visual and historic standpoint of the merchandise .
poke	As Zigzagoon and Pikachu battle , May sees Nicholai could become a really good trainer , while Max claims everyone would even wear blue shorts .
poke	The salesman tries to get away , but is intercepted by Brock , as the heroes demand the Spoink pearl .
muppet	A younger version of The Swedish Chef appears on Disney Juniors Muppet Babies Muppet Babies in the season two episode `` Episode 204 The Great Muppet Cook-Off / Animal and the The Great Muppet Cook-Off . ''
poke	May thinks the taller Max must have other Pokémon in his possession , with Surskit being his favorite .
starwars	Caedus was pleased by his young cousin 's initiative , and interpreted it as a sign that Skywalker could still be turned to the dark side of the Force .
starwars	After the Arratu 's death , Phasma and her team escaped from Arratu Station and killed the guardians who were in charge .
starwars	The Yuuzhan Vong later worked on terraforming Duro , eventually restoring it to its lush natural state .
starwars	Dnalvec
poke	Shelly knows Team Magma seeks the power of the land , but claims the power of the sea can control everything .
starwars	When they launched the attack , the Wookiees encountered a squad of battle droids belonging to the Trade Federation , a corporation that had illegally started its own colonization on Alaris Prime .
muppet	In another game , one has to follow Animals lead , head-banging into a webcam . Weekly prizes ten times two DVDs of Die Muppets Die Muppets .
poke	The heroes go on the end of a cliff , and , with Jessie 's hammer blast , they are blasted away .
starwars	Tinian donned a PlanSec uniform and entered the building .
poke	Seeing it is quite friendly Wattson gives Electrike some food , who likes it , a lot .
muppet	The most commonly seen criminal on Sesame Street is Lefty the Lefty , a shady-looking salesman in a trench coat , who appeared in several recurring Sesame Street sketches discreetly selling hot items to passersby appeared in a few sketches with his lackey , often in a dark alley or abandoned warehouse after dark . Though not named in the sketches , scripts identify the character as `` Mike . ''
muppet	BB `` Wow ! Gosh ! Thats fantastic ! Boy , youre really wonderful , Mr . Snuffleupagus ! ''
starwars	Vader restrained the Princess as the Death Star 's superlaser destroyed her planet .
muppet	In 2017 , she was a minor character in Muppets Meet the Classics The Phantom of the Opera .
muppet	Gday , Im new here to the Muppet Wikipedia . I was just watching the Darjeeling Limited movie , which has a Wikipedia page here , because it has a tiger created by the Creature Shop , any-hoo I saw that John Barrowman has a page
starwars	Through negotiations mediated by Talon Karrde , the New Republic reluctantly allowed Booster to keep ownership of the `` Virulence '' .
poke	In the early 1990s , LCI expanded its operations and began television production in 1992 .
poke	Houndoom attacks Skitty with Swift , but May orders Skitty to use Assist , much to the shock of May 's friends .
starwars	The Making of Star Wars : Rogue Squadron III : Rebel Strike
starwars	He spots a Star Destroyer flying over his tower and towards Capital City , and he speeds off towards the city as the cruiser makes its approach .
muppet	Heres another one I found on eBay from 1979 . Can someone get rid of the background ? -- MuppetDude 1855 , 6 January 2009
muppet	In Memoriam Longtime Sesame Street producer and director Lisa Simon , whose involvement with the show spans back to its first season , died on April 4 at the age of 64 . Another Muppet collaborator , Ray Charles ( music Ray Charles passed away on April 6 . Charles served as a music consultant on The Muppet Show and several more Muppet productions afterwards .
poke	Dusclops attacks with Focus Punch , but Skitty counters with Assist again , which transforms into String Shot that stops the attack .
muppet	I found the episode on Youtube
muppet	I have no idea if that makes any sense . -- Danny Toughpigs 1432 , 10 April 2006
muppet	Browsing through http//forum.muppetcentral.com/showthread.php ? t=5401
starwars	The droid served with Vanis on a few missions before being assigned to his most important role for the Rebellion .
muppet	Awesome , Kyle ! Do you have any other Muppet or Sesame singles ? Please let me know . Can I ask you a favor ? When you have some free time , can you scan all the alphabet singles on both sides , only take them out of the sleeve ? Ill keep those for my files , and maybe later on I can cut out the black parts . Thanks ! --
muppet	This page is a list of articles with title-style capitalization , to help in eventually moving towards formatting article titles with a consitant style . --
starwars	Ulaaar was a Wookiee male and leader of the Wookiee resistance during the Galactic Civil War .
poke	Just as she faces Harley , he uses another trick up his sleeve to deceive May even more , wanting her to be defeated .
starwars	Borsk Fey'lya of the Provisional Council proposed an addendum to their plans : Release members of Black Sun from the prison world of Kessel and reunite them with their criminal allies in the Coruscant underworld , thus giving the Rogues unlikely but effective allies in their fight against the Empire .
muppet	In 2006 , The Walt Disney Company , distributor of Pixars feature films , acquired Pixar , making it a wholly-owned subsidiary of Disney , and placing it under the same ownership as The Muppets the Muppets characters .
muppet	Does anybody know anything about these ? Other numbers have been skipped through the years , but this is the first time that Ive seen a record from the first series with these numbers and titles included . Any info would be appreciated . Thanks ! --
muppet	Muppet Performers Frank Oz , Jim Henson , Dave Goelz , Richard Hunt , Kathryn Mullen , Karen Prell , Steve Whitmire , Terry Angus
starwars	They broke into the control center , killed the warden and then started to execute the prisoners .
muppet	A new version was re-issued in 1983 , with illustrations by Richard Brown picturing the familiar Sesame characters in the occupations Big Bird .
muppet	Gonzo `` Were six grueling minutes into this marathon and still these contestants can really tear things up . But ! How long can it last ? The bone-deadening fatigue will soon start to take its toll . Soon every step will bring terrible agony . The muscles rebel ! The mind goes numb ! The hideous torture of never-ending pain and torment will -- ''
starwars	However , the Sith invasion that was happening outside was the `` biggest thing '' that had ever happened in Alanciari history .
muppet	Hi , its nice to see you on the wiki again ! The summaries youve added for Fears of Zero and Episode 114 Sandy Inner Beauty are really great . --
muppet	Since you are such an expert on the old record albums , I was wondering if you own 25 Greatest Hits . The page for that album currently doenst have a track listing . -- User Minor muppetz 1509 , 2 March 2007
poke	A Zubat is suddenly arriving , scaring May , Max and Ash , making the former two skeptical about Ash 's statement .
muppet	And it has been said that Will Possums line that was cut from the original broadcast but featured in the ABC edit was included in the 2015 remastered broadcast , but is cut from the DVD release . I guess put `` included in the ABC Family broadcasts , bonus feature in the 2017 DVD '' ?
poke	Nurse Joy presses a button to seal the gates , forcing the Gulpin to go above ground .
poke	Misty sends Gyarados , ( much to Ash 's surprise ) as she managed to obtain one .
muppet	Though slight set changes and puppeteer recasts had occurred on the show in 1986 , she is considered the last female human character of the Sesamstrasse # The Studio Era first studio era to interact with Samson , Tiffy and Uli von Bödefeld in the street scene frame stories , opposite Gernot Endemann as Schorsch . On Sesamstrasse she also met director Jan Fantl , who became her life-partner at the time .
poke	Team Rocket notices that the machine is hot , revealing Magby overheating the machine .
poke	Ash sees there is a secret , but Norman and Nurse Joy claim there is no secret about , confusing Ash .
muppet	By 2011 , the season size and his personal schedule of episodes was so reduced , he told one newspaper `` Its like a hobby , quite frankly . But I dont mind , because its still fun and still a great place to go to work . Theres much less a sense of the neighborhood . Theyre using many fewer live people per segment . I dont mean to be negative . Im just being realistic . The show is still great , but its done differently for a different audience . ''
poke	Drake lifts Grovyle up and says Ash should take it to the Pokémon Center , although its wounds are not severe .
muppet	Idk if its really worth mentioning in Big Bird Through the the article , but it seems to me that around mid-season 11 Big Birds head appears a bit wider and flatter than the season before .
starwars	He can be heard in , a game published by LucasArts in 2005 .
muppet	Trying to link the word `` Knickerbocker '' in the article to the Knickerbocker page ... - Galenfott
muppet	I am also curious what people think about whether putting the extras in a Rowlf the Dog separate page or in a gallery at the bottom of the real page is a better option . I rather incline towards the latter -- I think more people are going to see it if it is on Rowlfs page . But obviously having a separate gallery page opens up more space .
poke	Brock reminds Solrock can read minds and it would n't be near those who hate it .
starwars	It did not come down , the artificial gravity being outweighed by natural gravity at that distance from the floor .
starwars	Savants had more prominent nostrils on the front of their faces , and lacked the ear-like protrusions that the mainline species possessed ; instead , their heads were more triangular .
muppet	Id like to flesh out this page -- User1428 2014 , November 19 , 2009
muppet	Why is this page called `` The Muppets Gold Spot '' ? Its not `` Wonderful Pistachios Get Crackin '' . -- Zanimum 1355 , November 15 , 2011
muppet	Doubt it , though .
poke	Brawly invites Team Rocket to join to the fire , to which they happily agree , but Meowth gets his tail burned .
starwars	In 18 ABY , mother and daughter were visited by Captison 's old friend Luke Skywalker , a Jedi Master of the New Republic .
starwars	Unidentified Nautolan Sith ( Vendaxa )
muppet	DePrimas other television credits include guest appearances on Lois
muppet	Zoot first appeared with his bandmates in The Muppet Show Sex and Violence before securing a regular gig on The Muppet Show , where he played both in The Muppet the Muppet Orchestra and with the Mayhem . He has also appeared in every Muppet movie , the most recent being The Muppets Wizard of Oz , except Kermits Swamp Years .
poke	Though a Jynx was present in the Japanese version , it was cut out in the American version because of the blackface .
starwars	The Overic Griplink was a hyperspace trade route located in the Outer Rim Territories .
muppet	As of 2011 , there were some available apartments at 123 Sesame Street . Elmo says that his parents consider the rent for the building quite economical , especially compared to other rental facilities in New York City .
muppet	Sesame Streets 43rd season is set to debut on September 24 , 2012 .
starwars	After becoming Vader , Skywalker 's personality changed completely .
poke	Savannah thanks Sandra for assistance , who asks of her mother to win this Contest .
muppet	Also , `` deceased '' does not exist as a category .
muppet	I also think the concept would work better as a gallery rather than a text-based list . For example we could have a picture of Gonzos pineapple shirt and list the major productions that hes worn it in ; a gallery of Miss Piggys various dresses could be fun .
muppet	Jacquess Girlfriend appears in the UK Spots ( The Muppet UK Spot from The Muppet Show Episode 510 Jean-Pierre episode 510 . She and her boyfriend are serenaded by an Accordion Player playing `` La Seine '' outside a Parisian restaurant .
starwars	`` COLLECTING : `` STAR WARS '' 56-61 ''
starwars	The servants of local noblewoman Regera Girawn later found the artifact and brought it to their mistress .
muppet	`` The Gypsy Song `` is performed by Boober Fraggle in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 223 Boobers Quiet Boobers Quiet Day . '' It is one of many gypsy songs , according to the Fraggles .
starwars	Orichalc was a precious metal .
muppet	Need to confirm number on this . --
muppet	So thats good enough , but next time please discuss on the talk page first so we can avoid this confusion . Thanks !
poke	The firm 's new ticker symbol was KDE and the company was riding high during the continuing success of `` Pokemon '' when it earned Fortune 's top slot on its 100 Fastest Growing Companies for 2000 .
poke	While the heroes rush to the Pokémon Center , Seviper manages to intimidate a bunch of Zigzagoon and eats their apples .
muppet	Do we need pages for all these people ? They didnt interact with the Muppets , just posed for a picture . I feel like we should redirect them here . Scott
poke	`` We have built an impressive roster of captivating and successful children 's entertainment properties , '' said Alfred Kahn .
starwars	Senator Bail Organa and his stayed in the cellar beneath the compound when they were targeted by General Whorm Loathsom .
starwars	Between the base of the organ and the keyboard were air outlet pipes .
poke	Ash decides not to use Pikachu this time , due to the strategy he developed , even if May and Max are skeptical if Ash even has one .
poke	Max claims Swablu needs the same power , making May displeased about this plan , but Brock points out Swablu needs to grow confidence this way .
muppet	Also , remember new discussions .
poke	Mudkip senses something on the fin on its head , as May recalls the Mudkip 's fin works like a radar .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the . Cyril Jenkins page .
starwars	Sometime between the aftermath of the Galactic Civil War and the Second Galactic Civil War , in which the New Jedi Order , that had been restored following the defeat of the Empire and Saa subsequently joined , was nearly destroyed , T'ra Saa became a member of the Jedi High Council alongside Masters K'Kruhk , and Tili Qua who had joined the Order much later than the two survivors of the Clone Wars , during the events of the Third Jedi Purge enacted by Darth Krayt and the One Sith .
muppet	Cookie Monster tries to figure out who is alive a rock or himself ? After testing to see if the rock can grow , breath air , and eat cookies , he concludes that it is not alive because it didnt move or do anything during the test . Afterwards , Cookie Monster feels hungry and decides to eat it . giWqEPNLtBo } } } }
muppet	The character was initially named `` Rollo , '' but was changed when it was decided the name was too similar to Rollie Pollie Ollie , another Playhouse Disney series premiering at the time . Performer Tyler Bunch came up with the new name .
starwars	While Governor Pryce was torturing Hera Syndulla , Grand Admiral Thrawn entered Pryce 's office and asked if Hera had yet revealed the location of the rebel fleet .
muppet	According to Barry Authors , most Canadian Aboriginal leaders supported using the name `` Ogopogo '' in the film . However , one Aboriginal complained that the legend was too holy , so Authors renamed the creature `` Mee-Shee . ''
muppet	Among the quotes `` Im eating my cookie -- cant you see Im eating my cookie ! ''
muppet	Back 40 years ago remember all boroughs had the 212 area code . Also 40 years ago Manhatten was more middle class residential at least parts of it . I wish they would reveal the actual address but it was probaly on the upper west side . This is where they orginally filmed the episodes . Teletape Studio . The studio was off 81st and BROADWAY . It almost has to be . Look at all the clues but it could be the upper east side as well . Probaly the upper waest side between 81st and 86th and between broadway and the river up the hill thou . In the late sixties this was middle class residential . We need to find old pictures . -- User01
muppet	Im also digging one of my favorite resources for radio research , but it includes broadcasting journals and magazines into the modern TV era , so Ill report back if I find anything useful .
poke	However , the heroes are very surprised to hear that Tokin could have hidden the Poké Balls anywhere in the trees .
starwars	The Resurgent- '' class Star Destroyer , also known as the Resurgent '' -class Battlecruiser , the Resurgent Star Destroyer , or the First Order Star Destroyer was an iconic model of battlecruiser and Star Destroyer built by Kuat-Entralla Engineering .
muppet	Heya , is this online anywhere ? I tried youtubing it with no luck . Id like to compare the launch footage to see if I can pull out anything specific from NASAs tapes .
poke	May brushes him off , but gets terrified when she sees the article was from 10 years ago .
starwars	However , Tano had difficulty understanding the politics behind the war .
starwars	During Order 66 she defended the younglings to the best of her ability , giving her life in the process and urging the clan to flee with her dying breath .
poke	The man asks Team Rocket who they are and they recite their motto , but before they can finish it , they get attacked by Mightyena .
poke	May throws some additional balls , but Skitty fails , causing the balls to fall on the ground .
muppet	The studio was founded in 1983 by Bob Fortier . In 1998 , it was acquired by Balmur Entertainment , a music production company owned by Anne Murray ,
starwars	EV-A4-D
muppet	I agree that that page needs a picture , though -- are there any pics of him that dont have him in the costume ?
muppet	Hey Jog I got your message , thanks ! Heres a couple tips for posting on Talk pages .
starwars	The second edition of Galaxy Guide 3 : The Empire Strikes Back is a supplement to , published by West End Games in 1996 .
starwars	Wave gunner
starwars	Roo-wood
starwars	Designer Iain McCaig thus offered Lucas a design based on a nightmare of his , which was rejected , but later inspired the Nightsister Sith witch .
poke	Joy comes to tell them the ferry started working , so the heroes leave , waving goodbye to Birch and Joy .
muppet	On May 20 , 2017 , the Museum-organized travelling version of the exhibit , The Jim Henson Exhibition Imagination The Jim Henson Exhibition Imagination Unlimited , opened in Seattle .
muppet	The `` Mahna Mahna '' sketch was parodied in `` The Psychiatrists Office '' sketch on Episode 107 Sandra episode 107 of Muppets Tonight , in which the Snowths would appear and sing `` doo doo doo doo doo '' every time Kermit said that the word `` phenomena . ''
starwars	Impervious can refer to :
starwars	Ewane held the office for five years , but was murdered shortly into his second term .
poke	The inventor examines the PokéNav , seeing it has been a drink has been spilled onto it .
poke	The grunts are electrocuted by Pikachu 's Thunderbolt , while Tabitha sees the laser is out of control .
starwars	She would later display loyalty to Talon Karrde and his organization even at the cost of total alienation from the Empire , and was furious that Thrawn forced her to betray Karrde .
starwars	The Thranta Clan was one of the many clans in which initiates were sorted at the Jedi Temple on Coruscant .
poke	Lotad use Water Gun to the sky , making a magnificent look , welcoming the heroes to the lake .
starwars	Vader narrowly avoided being struck down by the blade , though Eclipse did succeed in slicing across Vader 's chest panel .
poke	Sigourney reads the book more , and sees they should n't use Water-type attacks .
poke	James whispers to Jessie and Meowth they could pretend to help their allies so they can get Claydol , so they offer help .
starwars	For many years , Imperial Governor Ubrik Adelhard governed the sector with an iron fist and absolute loyalty to the Galactic Empire .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but with no effect , as the robot is made of a material that does not conduct electricity , while Team Rocket taunts the twerps .
poke	Slaking , however , uses Focus Punch on Grovyle , so Grovyle goes to attack with Leaf Blade .
starwars	By the time of the Galactic Civil War , taking something `` with a ton of Serrian salt '' was an idiom in Galactic Basic Standard used to note the possibility of inaccuracies in a piece of information .
starwars	Exiting the cell , she ignored Bossk , who was growing angry with the commotion in the corridor .
poke	Jacuzzi presses a button for the PokéBlock to fly off , with the Gulpin following it .
poke	Dusclops releases Will-O-Wisp , in combination with Psychic , to further damage Skitty .
starwars	To avert suspicion , he gave the troops strict orders not to allow Alexandra to leave the complex , while setting off on a speeder bike .
poke	The island is known for its beautiful beaches ( and to Brock , beautiful girls as well ) .
muppet	`` Lover , Lover , Number 9 '' is sung by Marjory the Trash Heap , Philo , and Gunge in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 113 We Love You , We Love You , Wembley . ''
poke	After helping the man , the heroes are told the man , named Elijah , goes around villages and shows movies .
starwars	Kamino first appeared in the 2002 film .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Babies PVC figures page .
poke	Max wonders which Starter Pokémon are in Kanto , so Oak sends Bulbasaur , Squirtle and Charmander .
muppet	Hi Peter I noticed that the telegram that you posted a few years back on the Stan Freberg page is unattributed . Where did you get that ? Karen Falk ? I read Frebergs book , but its not there , and as far as I can tell its not on Donavans blog , either . Im really curious to know where you found it . Thanks ! — Tom
muppet	MINDstyle was planning to release an 18 '' , limited edition replica of the Castle of the Crystal in 2009 .
muppet	The Life Image Search on Google has http//images.google.com/images ? q=henson
poke	However , Max and May are starving as well , so after hearing that May searched for the Rustboro City 's pasta restaurant , he decides to call his friend to make some pasta .
starwars	Karrels ' sons had an encounter with a Sith Lord around that time , with one winding up dead and the other injured .
poke	May fishes out an Octillery , but since she needs to battle it to catch it , so she sends Wurmple .
poke	James and Jessie comment this was not their fault , but the heroes arrive on the top of the mine , correcting it was all Team Rocket 's fault .
muppet	Back in 2010 , you posted http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Jim_Henson % 27s_Muppets_Monsters_and_Magic ? diff=next
muppet	The Song of the Zubble-Wump is a storybook adaptation of the Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode of Episode 104 The Song of the the same name .
starwars	Triloc
muppet	October 6 , 2012
poke	Mr. Moore replies he was worried about her granddaughter , causing Max to point out he should 've prepared Flannery to take the position first .
starwars	Nossor Ri had salmon-colored skin , and blue eyes .
muppet	Zappa discussed his plans for the treatment in a December 2006 interview with MTV.com . Zappa said at that time the filmmakers were planning to release the movie in late 2008 or early 2009 , and said that `` the Fraggles need to be here sooner , rather than later . ''
poke	Brock orders Lotad to repeat the attack , but Lotad stops ; surprisingly , the Sharpedo falls into the water .
poke	Just as they meet up with the twerps , James sides with Ash and Jessie with May to have another Tag Battle , which displeases Brock , Max and Meowth who wants the feud to end .
poke	We believe that we can successfully utilize our marketing and licensing expertise to build brand value for properties targeting an older consumer that are not necessarily media or character driven . ''
muppet	`` Im Gon na Be a Star '' is a song sung by Gunge in Episode 322 Gunge the Great and Glorious . Gunge has just been recognized as `` King '' of the Doozers . He shares the news with Philo , but gets a lukewarm reception to the news . Heading back to accept his new role , Gunge sings about how hes about to become a star .
poke	Nosepass uses Rock Tomb to imprison Pikachu , but Pikachu uses Thunder to free himself .
poke	Brock 's map and Max 's PokéNav have no data about the desert , and yet there are many holes around .
muppet	Najee Ali argued that the emcee was unfit for family television fare stating I grew up watching the Muppets . They are very precious to me—those memories of watching them as a child , Now I have children and want them to feel that way , too ... There are plenty of other hip-hop artists that they could have chosen rather this guy . He was the very worst choice .
muppet	She guest starred on The Muppet Show episode 318 Leslie episode 318 . She also appeared on A Special Sesame Street Christmas and Julie Andrews One Step Into Spring .
poke	Brock thinks a bigger challenge for Ash is to use combination attacks to stop both Solrock and Lunatone .
starwars	The alliance would safeguard trade in the Mid Rim for generations , but the noblewoman initially refused to agree to the alliance .
starwars	Antilles , on Skywalker 's suggestion and aided by his gunner Wes Janson , were able to inventively use their T-47 's tow cables to topple an AT-AT before blowing it to smithereens in its weakened state .
muppet	The scene with Joe training to be a fireman is on Sesamestreet.org , so we can upload a picture in color . Garrettk41 0238 , October 14 , 2010
poke	Rocky tells Ice Ball gets bigger every time it is launched and reminds Ash the fourth one is coming .
muppet	Hi ! The superhero pics of Merry Monster are great ! Where did you find them ? Scott
muppet	That makes sense ... Sesame Street Unpaved not that Street they are Sesame Street A Celebration - 40 Years of Life on the necessarily accurate .
muppet	Thanks for adding the new Mickey image ! When you get a chance and see this talk page , feel free to drop by Muppet Wiki article nominations , where I nominated the article . I should probably pull out Monsterpiece Theater as well , which passes with enough votes , and next time somethings nominated , be sure to mention it on Current Events
poke	Misty admits Togepi was the one that made it possible for her to visit her friends .
starwars	Ten thousand Humans controlled the companies , but roughly 2.8 million Thyferran-native aliens known as Vratix produced the bacta .
poke	Team Rocket appears in front of the cave and by starting the battle to go after Pikachu , Jessie sends her Seviper and James his Cacnea , who clings the former .
poke	Ash : `` Yup , Should be a great battle if you 're as good as you say you are . ''
starwars	The city also has influences with its narrow market alleyways , desert sands , and .
starwars	Upon witnessing Vader 's action against the two Inquisitors , The Grand Inquisitor asked his master if what he was doing was a test or an indication of more training , to which Vader denied .
muppet	Adding to their growing list of National Wildlife Federation PSAs , The Jim Henson Company produced a public service announcement using Earth Day 1990s popular slogan , `` Who Says You Cant Change the World ? '' The spot featured Kermit the Frog singing his signature song , `` Bein Green . ''
muppet	Im sorry about Walter Mr. Matthau , I didnt think about the fact that hes not a connection since hes just a reference , and didnt work with the Muppets . I cleaned up the page some more though , and might make one more pass .
muppet	Should we make a note of Richard Hunts puppetry for the character and someone else dubbing the voice
poke	Brock wishes to hear more , but the woman tells Solrock brought bad luck to the village .
starwars	Sometime following 0 BBY , a spacer was tasked by Gavyn Sykes to eliminate Blattis , in which the spacer succeeded .
starwars	In his delirium , Tykan spoke of a Lord Vivicar , finally revealing the plaguemaster 's name .
muppet	Other Henson properties that were given attractions at Walt Disney World include
starwars	During the Age of the Empire , the Galactic Empire took control of the Outer Rim world of Lothal .
poke	As Ash , Brock and Pikachu search for others , May , Max and the taller one are at the river .
poke	As the sea level rose up , the island was formed and the Pokémon became extinct .
poke	Starting from Season 9 and onwards , Pokémon USA ( now The Pokémon Company International , or TPCi ) took over for the dubbing and distribution of the anime , replacing different voice actors .
poke	Ash is hyped he is in Rustboro City , but Max corrects him they are still distant from Rustboro City .
muppet	Whats the source on the title of this song ? Scott
starwars	Titan Squadron started with the destroying the outer perimeter missile defenses , before moving in to destroy the shield generators and hangars of starfighters .
starwars	Salus Corporation
poke	This freezes Cacnea and Seviper , while Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , blasting Team Rocket off .
poke	May tells she 'd never hurt Max , but points out he should at least watch what he is saying , making Brock and Guy laugh .
poke	Jessie is n't convinced , as she thinks it should belong to her , so Meowth decides to go with Skitty to give her some fresh water .
poke	Team Rocket tries to remind Hansen of the deal , but Hansen has Shedinja uses Solar Beam and Ninjask use Hyper Beam to blast Team Rocket off .
poke	Rico promises he 'll let them alone if they give their Weezing and Arbok to him .
poke	Alyssa 's Magnemite powers the Stone up , but Ash and Thatcher notice a Zapdos machine in the sky , for it 's Team Rocket again .
poke	However , it reminds itself Brock cured its poison and goes back to sleep , hugging Brock .
poke	This is because its hex identifier is codice_1 ; no unaltered Pokémon can have a Special stat of 0 ( rendering the Mew Glitch useless here ) and no text character has a character code of 0 ( rendering the Old Man trick useless here ) .
poke	Meanwhile , Captain Stern gives the suitcase to Ash , telling him to run while Sealeo distracts them using Blizzard .
muppet	Since youre up and on , Ill ask you something I just thought of . How much material is in your Muppet Magazine book ? I was thinking you could send me a list of whats in there , and then I could figure out what issues everything came out of . I also want to start just putting everything from my issues on the wiki . Let me know . --
starwars	Admiral Thrawn 's forces quickly drove the Rebels off , and routed the origin of the raid .
poke	As they are on their way to Oldale Town , Ash proposes Pikachu to race towards the town .
muppet	Hi , Nate ! I saw your summary on the Cats article , so I thought Id clear it up
muppet	Hi , Wendy ! When you get a chance , can you delete the page I made called
muppet	The Muppet performers all provide the character vocal tracks for the show . Carmen Osbahr voices Carmen . Pam Arciero directed the show and trained the puppeteers .
poke	They see the curtain flattering , even if the window is closed.May thinks it is just a crack that passes the wind through .
poke	Brock goes to rest , but when he touches a rock , he feels water coming out of it .
muppet	I also reverted your edits to Miles . We only feature main performers on character pages , and Miles has never had a consistent actor attached . The information is available in the article by way of a gallery until the text of the document can support the more standardized justification of imagery to the right . If youd like to work on fleshing out that article , youre welcome to do so . — Scott
poke	Ash and the salesman fight for the bag , which gets ripped and the pearl is thrown into Meowth 's hands .
poke	Everyone tries to warn Archie that people are still on the island and the sea will flood it .
poke	Treecko evades , but Geodude goes up in air and uses Mega Punch , severely wounding Treecko .
starwars	The story features Princess Leia Organa and is a tie-in to the novel `` Razor 's Edge '' .
poke	Steven is the one excavating for rare stones , so Max hopes they may find him , since he may know about the place 's layout .
starwars	Jac Lodain
starwars	Naat Lare was a male Force-sensitive Nautolan who was selected by Darth Venamis as a potential Sith apprentice .
starwars	Star Wars Episode I Journal : Darth Maul is a novel from the point of view of Darth Maul surrounding the events of .
poke	However , May reminds them she is going to have her first Contest in Slateport City .
poke	Guy asks when Pokémon changes , does his personality change as well , to which Brock confirms .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 2029 , 13 May 2009
muppet	I used to work for Wikia on the product team , and another admin works for Wikia now on the community support team . For both of us , we were Muppet Wiki contributors for a long time before we applied for jobs at Wikia . We didnt get paid for working on this wiki ; this is what we do in our free time .
muppet	Although it was first performed in a The Jim Henson Henson production on Sesame Street by Bip Bippadotta and two Anything Muppet girls , the most well-known Muppet rendition of the song debuted on The Ed Sullivan Show in 1969 , where it was performed by Mahna Mahna Mahna Mahna and his back-up singers , The the Snowths . This version of the skit was restaged many times on a number of variety shows before being featured as the opening number in Episode 101 Juliet the premiere episode of The Muppet Show .
poke	After Spoink tries to put on a couple of round Pokémon on its head , the Pearl is found .
starwars	The Dark Lord then travels to his decoy fortress on the nearby planet of Khar Delba where Jori Daragon is being held .
poke	Meowth asks if the Electric attack from an Electric-type will activate the Light Stone .
muppet	Upon Goelzs return to California , he learned that he had been replaced by his electronics employer , so he set up shop creating puppets and videos for industrial videos . Eight months later , in the fall of 1974 , Henson offered him a full-time position as a builder/designer , and occasional performer in specials , while still allowing him to keep his industrial clients . Returning to New York , Goelz began work on The Muppet Show Sex and Violence , for which he built the new host character , Nigel the Nigel . Working from sketches by Jim Henson , Michael K. Frith and Bonnie Erickson , he also built Animal , Floyd Pepper , and Zoot , the latter becoming his first major character .
starwars	Shenir Rix
muppet	The word on the street A new Sesame Street video game ; Elmos Musical Monsterpiece will be available June 2012 for the Nintendo Wii and DS consoles . I Am Big Bird The Caroll Spinney Story was recently announced , containing footage from Spinneys long career . Healthy Teeth , Healthy Me is the latest Sesame Street educational outreach video . Pferd and Wolle from Sesamstrasse appeared on DAS !
starwars	The Nebulas of Osssorck were introduced via mention in `` A Fistful of Credits , '' a roleplaying game adventure written by Bill Olmesdahl and included in the 1992 supplement `` Star Wars Gamemaster Screen '' for use with West End Games ' `` '' .
muppet	Do we have http//www.ebay.com/itm/Sesame-Street-Snacks-2000-print-ad-magazine-ad-Big-Bird-Elmo-Cookie-Monster-/121103892162 these on the wiki anywhere ?
starwars	If taken literally , this list implies that the shuttle satisfies the safety standards of the , the , and a society based on .
starwars	Death ( town )
starwars	Qui-Gon insists on coming along , but his offer is turned down by the Jedi Council .
starwars	The rebels held a celebration at their safe house to commemorate their victory , during which Dono extemporaneously proposed that they elect Steela as their leader .
starwars	The end of the Freedon Nadd Uprising provided a brief respite for Sunrider and the other Jedi from their duties .
poke	After Ash scanned it with his Pokédex and they learn from Max that it can evolve into Beautifly , May decides to capture it and separates from the group .
poke	Still , Meowth reminds them they need this job for the money to capture Pikachu .
starwars	The assault of the Aturi Cluster was a battle fought during the Galactic Civil War resulting in a defeat for Alliance to Restore the Republic forces by the Scimitar assault wing .
muppet	Eric Jacobson I grew up watching the Muppets , and was a rabid fan myself and to carry on this legacy is really important to us , .
starwars	Using the distraction , Han then pushed through the other scrumrats and escaped .
muppet	I continue to be amazed ! Frog bless the wiki . Scott
starwars	Dead in the Water is an adventure in Fantasy Flight Games ' `` '' series .
poke	Elsewhere , Jessie is taking care of her `` Silcoon '' and refuses to listen when James and Meowth try to tell her that it is a Cascoon .
starwars	Djarin says the deal is off , as sub-light travel is too dangerous .
muppet	File MacFarlane Harry In a segment prepared by the shows producers , MacFarlane does his Kermit impression reading a list of medical side effects on Harry
muppet	Would this be the first time Sesame merch has appeared on the show itself ? -- Zanimum 0141 , August 11 , 2010
starwars	Prior to being killed , his cries out to his mother were recorded by Imperial probe droids , allowing them to pin down their camp 's location .
starwars	Hondo 's Salvage was Hondo Ohnaka 's destroyed base with the words `` HONDO 'S SALVAGE-PRICES SLASHED '' in aurebesh in the background of Hondo 's camp .
muppet	Sesame Street People in Your Neighborhood 1987 Calendar is a Sesame Street calendar published by Gibson Greetings .
starwars	Denon was a planet located in the Denon system of the galaxy 's Inner Rim , at the confluence of the Corellian Run and the Hydian Way .
muppet	They look great , esp . the Beep one ! Are you getting those from foreign
starwars	In 43.5 ABY , he was stationed in Galactic Alliance Security Detention Center 81 , a secret blockhouse under the command of Colonel Wruq Retk on the planet of Coruscant .
muppet	Anyway , heres another pass at it -- Sandbox Ernie , compared to what we have at International Ernie . What do you think ? --
muppet	The Squirrelles were a singing group on Sesame Street comprised of three female squirrels named Rhonda . They were a parody of the 1960s R
poke	Tommy promises he would give them a ride towards the port once his Marshtomp is found .
starwars	These were the Alliance affiliated resistance movements that resisted the Empire in their own respective sectors .
poke	Ash introduces Brock to May and Max , telling Brock was a Gym Leader in Pewter City .
starwars	His master , Jerec , also possessed this power , demonstrating it in the Valley of the Jedi .
muppet	So what Id like is a little line that could be in the center of the page , with like a little curlicue or something on it to make it a design . Im posting a really lame homemade example so you know what Im talking about
muppet	Thanks for finding the SS1 8-track ! Actually , it really is the 1970 Columbia , based on matching the LPs and cassettes numbers . The 1974/1977 8-tracks will reproduce the whole CTW LP cover . But Im glad the person took a bunch of pictures from all sides ! --
muppet	File Muppets 2 announced by Disney with Kermit and Miss Piggy at CinemaCon Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy , and Disneys president of production Sean Bailey officially announce production of the film at CinemaCon in Las Vegas on April 24 , 2012 .
muppet	Later , Whitmire learned that there was consideration of him performing Kermit even before Hensons death
poke	As Ash opens the door , it crashes down , but it turns into a vertical lift , leading them into the Gym itself .
starwars	He was stationed aboard the original Death Star as part of the battlestation 's guard contingent in 0 BBY , just prior to the Battle of Yavin .
starwars	When Anora reported that the airlock controls for the escape pods were fried , Teller responded that they would not need the escape pods .
poke	Suddenly , the giant tree splits itself in half , but the Treecko push the tree not to fall down .
starwars	Despite Kenobi 's cautions , Vader leapt in pursuit , allowing Kenobi to finish him , executing a vicious `` mou kei '' finishing move as Vader flew overhead .
starwars	According to these files , Kuric would have been in some way involved with the 2005 expansion pack , .
starwars	After learning this , they immediately departed for the base , aboard his J-type 327 Nubian .
starwars	Black 2
muppet	Hey , something has been bothering me , and I dont know what to do about it . Ive been really trying to clean up the Dutch albums lately , and have them match the US ones . But should we link the characters to our material ? For example , if a Dutch album has a dubbed version of Rubber Duckie on it , and the `` Ernie '' next to it links to `` our '' Ernie , does that make sense , given that the Dutch Ernie is a little different in Holland , as is Bert ? For that matter , does it even make sense for the Dutch-only Ernie and Bert albums to be linked to our Ernie and Bert , since our character pages are based off of Jim and Franks
starwars	Ajoha Jeh was a female biologist who worked on developing special implants that would enable better exploration of toxic worlds during the Cold War between the Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic .
starwars	When infiltrating the foundry that the Kudon were enslaved in , Anakin Skywalker was unable to see any nearby signs of civilization .
starwars	Ferroda was a male Jedi Master who served the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic as a General in the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars .
muppet	The puppets on display included Kermit the Kermit , Sam December 1 , 1980
poke	Jessie and Timmy then face off just as Timmy 's parents arrive at the Contest , though Tommy is smiling .
poke	However , May asks why is Max being so friendly with her ; Max claims he is just being friendly to her sister , but she ignores it .
starwars	Dallin rebuked the junior officer , telling him that Rendili had been taken by force and that the Independent Provisional Government was merely a mouthpiece for the Separatists .
muppet	The Aquarama touring water ski show , which stopped at the CNE multiple years , included a performer costumed as Miss Piggy Miss Piggy . The CNE Archives showed a photo of this at their display , in the mid-2000s , showing the performer going up a ramp jump .
muppet	The Giant Chicken appeared in Episode 206 Nancy episode 206 and Episode 207 Edgar episode 207 of The Muppet Show .
muppet	The Count bears a noticeable resemblance to Wikipedia Béla Lugosi as Dracula in voice and appearance , but the character has never been specifically labeled as a vampire , and unlike the traditional horror monster , the Count actually enjoys sunlight . He also does not drink blood , and he can not turn into a bat ; however , like a vampire , as revealed in an early skit , he shows no reflection in a mirror . He speaks with an Eastern European accent and pronounces his Vs as Ws .
poke	Having their doubts about Raikou , who is still standing there , James sends Cacnea to use Pin Missile , while Jessie sends Seviper to use Poison Tail on the Raikou .
poke	They fall down and as Team Rocket recites their motto , May sees a Wurmple and goes to get it .
poke	Some of Team Aqua grunts come to the control room and have Crawdaunt use Bubble Beam to attack the guards .
poke	They come to a place , seeing some sort of an event A kid arrives to them and greets the heroes , wanting them to remember him .
muppet	The foreign dub is online but this time I cant decipher whether its Jim or Jerry .
starwars	Falsely accused of killing his fellow Jedi students , the hunted Padawan has traveled far to escape his murderous former Masters . ''
starwars	Thus , Bane rashly challenged Sirak in an attempt to prove himself .
muppet	Sam and Friends opening Professor Madcliffe and Harry shout about Esskay Meats .
starwars	He regularly ordered the deaths of civilians in this regard , including his strike against Coronet City for a perceived embrace of the Rebel Alliance , and his launch of suicide drone TIE Fighters against a civilian starship convoy to escape Rogue Squadron .
starwars	Despite being born into royalty , Makintay believed in equality for all people , regardless of their social status , and was considered to be an idealist .
poke	Misty admits she is quite busy at the Gym , but her sisters were generous enough to give her some free time to visit Hoenn .
muppet	Also , from that same year , there was apparently also a http//www.worldcat.org/title/my-favourite-words-encyclopedia/oclc/219788218
starwars	Calima Squadron was a secretive starfighter squadron formed by Bail Organa as part of one of the earliest rebel cells created on the planet Crait .
muppet	`` It Takes Some Time '' is a Street Sesame Street song sung by Olivia to Big Bird about how it takes some time to learn things . Big Bird has been trying to teach Cody how to jump rope , but he doesnt understand that even though Codys not a baby anymore , its still going to take some time for him to be able to do certain things .
poke	Brock states she did not have a perfume on , but Max wishes to have dinner first .
muppet	Maïk Darah , and Alice in Wonderland Alice in Wonderland . She dubbed Alfre the Queen of Brobdignag in Gullivers Travels and Deni Neera in the Farscape French dub of the Farscape episode `` Episode 114 Jeremiah Jeremiah Crichton . ''
poke	Cacnea attacks with Needle Arm , but misses Torkoal , who attacks with Overheat , knocking Cacnea onto Meowth , who drops the pearl .
starwars	War swords were carried as a backup melee weapons by Krath warriors .
muppet	So , this may have been discussed elsewhere , but if so , I cant find it . The first two bullets in this article are clearly references , as the Androoze Sisters and the Sinclair Sisters are parodies of the group . However , the items in the last two bullets dont seem to reference the sisters themselves , just the music that they popularized . I seem to remember us agreeing that if a song was from a musical , say Finians Rainbow , was performed on The Muppet Show but that Finians Rainbow wasnt itself references , then that wouldnt merit a page . So , I guess my question is I think that the bottom two bullets are notable but not really bullets . Is there another heading that were listing that kind of thing under on other pages ? --
starwars	On page 295 , while Zsinj struggles to salvage a badly damaged `` Razor 's Kiss '' , he inexplicably refers to the warship as the `` Razor 's Edge '' .
muppet	Part 2 Ernie has almost finished cleaning up the apartment . His toybox is still a mess , so he begins to clean it out , throwing its contents all over the room . d97341b5-157c-11dd-9bc7-777dea8a73e7 } } b2021ee8-1560-11dd-a62f-919b98326687 } } } }
muppet	Hi ! I left a long ramble about it on Dannys talk page , but the gist is , inspired by recent issues to finally do something to address a long-time source of confusion and arguments , I started Muppet Wiki That Voice‎ . Its a work in progress , but the major additions will be a link to online voice demos by various Muppeteers or Sesame cast members and so on
muppet	Hey , Paul , Ive missed you ! Ive been looking at the Sesamstraat records , and I wish I knew how to speak Dutch ! I might have some translation questions for you later on , if I can remember which record I was looking at ! Anyway , its nice to see you again , and Im glad youre adding even more new albums ! --
poke	Ash tells he got stronger by battling against Norman and it does not matter if the reward is a badge .
muppet	Nelson revealed at the `` The Paley Center for Media # Muppet Rarities The Unseen Works of Jim Muppet Rarities The Unseen Works of Jim Henson '' event at the Paley Center for Media in 2003 that the ending didnt go as rehearsed . Originally , the little feather blew the others away , then danced to the remaining part of the song . When they did it live , the little feather ended up getting stuck within the fan mechanism , so the other feathers came back for a quick bow .
starwars	However , Tamson had predicted the move and had already had a bomb pre-installed into the ship .
muppet	Commenting on Kermits crush , his performer Steve Whitmire told The Wall Street Journal ’ s Speakeasy blog , “ I think the first time I did it , she popped into my head because something like ‘ Legally Blonde ’ had come out on DVD and I was aware of it . Then it expanded , because people would ask , ‘ Why her ? ’ And I as Kermit would say , ‘ Well , I ’ m attracted to small , blonde mammals. ’ ... I do think she ’ s amazing , but it became an easy name to remember , a pat answer ... It ’ s been Kermit ’ s crush for a long time . I wonder if she ’ s aware of it . She ’ s probably not looking at Muppet Wiki Muppet wikis . ”
muppet	On April 12 , 2009 , President Obama hosted the annual The White House Easter Egg White House Easter Egg Roll on the lawn of The White House . The president treated the crowd to a reading of Maurice Maurice Sendaks Where the Wild Things Are ; while other readers included first lady Michelle Obama and actors James Cromwell and Daniel Stern . Walk-around versions of Elmo Elmo and Abby Cadabby Abby Cadabby from Sesame Street , and w the Science Kid Sid from Sid the Science Kid were in attendance at the event along with other PBS Kids characters .
muppet	Vinny Linguine is Rizzo ( Muppet Rizzos brother who debuted in the Muppet Babies Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 208 Run Fozzie Run / My Brother My Brother Vinny '' . Vinny is a superstar singer , who makes Rizzo feel like he isnt as cool as him . Vinny eventually teaches Rizzo that everyone is cool in their own way .
starwars	Golden truffles were a type of truffle found on Coruscant .
muppet	I wonder if i can use the picture of Roger Storm do add at the swedish wikipedia site cause i need someones permission to do that .
muppet	These look like they come from the back of the Street Book Sesame Street Book Club books . Yes ? Scott
poke	While the rest of the grunts are preparing the laser , Tabitha receives a report a squad has retrieved the meteorite .
starwars	Anger/Legends
muppet	Because the eyes are such an essential element to the mechanics of the characters , Muppet builders usually wait until the last minute to add the eyes .
muppet	I admit , Im not often that great with ceartain female voices , but it does sound a bit like Frans voice to me . What does everyone else think ? Wattamack4 0220 , February 23 , 2010 Alex
starwars	Jinn and Kenobi then boarded the starship that was waiting for them , finding out that it was piloted by a Phindian , who reminded Kenobi of Guerra .
muppet	Screenshot saved from http//www.capthat.net/ CapThat Screencaps .
poke	Team Rocket plan on catching Lunatone , so James sends Cacnea ( who hugs its trainer ) to use Needle Arm and Jessie her Seviper to bite Lunatone .
poke	They see them fall down and out of sudden , May falls down with Torchic as well .
poke	Meowth wonders why is Torchic sad , so Max claims Torchic is thinking it may never see May again , so they go to search the others .
starwars	However , as the separatists stormed into the hangar , Corso tried to contact Ace for help but he was pinned down by Skavak , who was the one responsible for helping the attackers .
starwars	Dardrennis Survival Technology
poke	Adam thinks the shards are from a ship named King Neptune : once the ship was lost to a storm , its crew went away from the sinking ship on lifeboats , while the ship sank to the bottom of the ocean .
starwars	Linda Quinton
starwars	Nyl agreed , but only if Samuel told him where Lycan had gone .
muppet	There is a citations needed tag regarding the unfinished Crazy Harry doll . This info was available at the Kermitage collectibles guide , though that section seems to have been taken down . A picture of the doll was also there . -- User Minor muppetz 0416 , 16 April 2007
poke	Max had collected a lot of berries to attract all Zigzagoon , in order to foil Nicholai 's plan .
starwars	Her body then disappeared into the Force in the manner of Jedi Masters , leaving only her robes and a victorious Darth Vader .
muppet	An unregistered poster changed the second picture , and added the decription . But was the second season the point where Oscar turned green , or did it take longer than that ? -- Andrew , Aleal 0052 , 3 February 2006
starwars	Galus activates several decoy false asteroids to block Hera 's path .
starwars	The GAG force first tried to coax their targets out of their hiding place peacefully , but were responded to with blasterfire .
muppet	I ask because I have several photos I would be willing to nominate , but since my vote is already cast this time , I dont want to waste time putting them up if theyre going to be taken right back down again . -- TomH 0255 , 4 April 2006
muppet	Please reply
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Jbrangwynne53 Talk ) 2333 , July 28 , 2011
poke	Team Rocket mentions it is Colonel Hansen , who is furious at them and slams Meowth at James ' head .
muppet	Michael Smollin was born in 1925 , and grew up in East Hampton , New Long Island . He attended Cornell University , and served in the infantry in World War II . He was awarded a Purple Heart for shrapnel wounds , and returned to the United States to study advertising design at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn .
starwars	TYE-wing
starwars	Speaking to them after the simulation , he proclaimed himself somewhat rusty but congratulated Horn on eliminating him , leaving the trainees impressed by his skill and wondering about his identity .
starwars	The mission took an even worse turn when , upon arriving at the Fel estate , they learned that Fel 's nephew , Fyric Fel , had been kidnapped that morning .
muppet	Stu Rosen
starwars	Garnac 's entire guild fell shortly thereafter .
muppet	I noticed that a few of those books didnt show ISBNs on Amazon , so you put the ASIN in its place . Did you want to add the ASIN option , or see if we can find the correct ISBN ? --
poke	Exploud gives hand to Guy and smiles , making Guy relieved Exploud has accepted him as a trainer .
starwars	DY-225 Heavy Blaster Pistol
poke	May sends her Torchic , but Jessie interferes , sending her Seviper in as well .
muppet	Happy Birthday , Army ! From Sgt . Maj. Chandler
poke	A storm is approaching , causing the waves drift the boat to an abandoned ship .
muppet	A behind the scenes look at the making of this song was released on the Fraggle Rock Complete Second Season DVD set .
muppet	In season 3 , the entire closing was reshot . Crazy Harry is no longer in the orchestra , Animal wears his regular clothes instead of a tuxedo , and Floyd and Zoot both wear their hats . The music was also completely replaced with a slightly slower rendition , including a piano solo from Rowlf the Rowlf replacing Zoots previous solo . In this opening , there are solo shots of each member , with the exception of Trumpet Girl . The characters rearrange themselves as well , so from left to right we see Trumpet Girl , Floyd Pepper , Nigel ( Muppet Nigel , Animal , Zoot , and Rowlf the Rowlf , as is in the opening credits . Starting this season , Zoot stands next to Rowlfs piano in both the opening and closing credits . In Episode 308 Loretta episode 308 , Nigel is replaced with a train conductor , and Rowlfs piano solo is replaced by a trumpet solo performed by a chicken . In episodes Episode 319 Elke 319 , Episode 401 John 401 , and Episode 409 Beverly 409 , an opening shot of the orchestra is seen panning out . On episodes Episode 322 Roy Rogers
muppet	Personally , I think the `` Through the Years '' pages have a tendency to violate NPOV when illustrating minute details .
poke	However , on closer look , she finds nothing and convinces herself it was nothing .
starwars	However , Rokko did have a softer side .
poke	The poacher introduces himself as Rico , who captured these poison-type Pokémon , per a client 's request .
poke	May sends Combusken , who uses Sky Uppercut , but is negated and hurt by Ditto 's Crabhammer .
poke	The other two members of Team Magma send out their Mightyena , while Tabitha demands the stone back .
muppet	The song is changed somewhat from the original to include lines such as `` let a Muppet know , '' and a rap version of Seymour and Pepes song that originated in Episode 107 Sandra episode 107 during their comedy act . This is one of their songs numerous incarnations .
muppet	Raposo first worked with Jim Henson on the special Hey Cinderella ! , among others . As Raposo recalled , Sesame Street `` just came along . It didnt have a name . It was a bunch of people meandering around trying to do a show for Public Television . ''
muppet	Let me know if you have any questions about it ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1608 , 27 April 2006
poke	May becomes angry as well and soon , Ash and May are challenged by a couple named Oscar and Andi .
poke	The heroes goes to eat and Max comments Combusken was amazing , motivating Ash to do the same in the Gym match .
muppet	We have another one Gerald R. Ford —
poke	Brock mentions he saw a large Mudkip , who helped Brock save another one back earlier .
starwars	As he reached to eject , the fuselage was punctured by debris which took his artificial left hand and the ejection control with it .
muppet	He was seen in `` Episode 103 Hurling Hurling Day '' , and again in the same clip during `` Episode 216 The Clip The Clip Show '' .
muppet	Ive edited a picture of the old gang and some information about them to give it more historian value
starwars	As a result , they could survive in any environment that contained either sound , light , or the Force .
starwars	Around the time of the Battle of Yavin , a new AT-AT model was introduced .
muppet	A follow up I just left a message with the Wikipedia user asking where he/she got the chart information for this particular album and I dont know when I will hear from them . Then again , I really dont know if I will even hear from them because on Wikipedia , anonymous IP addresses do change when you least expect them to and that last persons edit was in August 2007 . They could have a new IP by now . I also added the Muppet Wiki article link to Sesame Street Fever on the Wikipedia article for this same album .
muppet	When NASA conducted its Orion Flight Test in December of 2014 , several accessories were included to help provide extra weight to more accurately analyze its mission readiness . Among several items from popular culture included to garner increased interest from the public , Super Grovers cape flew on board Exploration Flight Test 1 for its four hour duration in space , making two full orbits around the Earth . The following July , NASA astronaut and representative Ricky Arnold made a visit to the set of Sesame Street to return Grovers cape to him in an event chronicled on social media .
muppet	Hey , you mentioned a while ago that theres a way to cite personal correspondence if need be . Can you take a look at User_talk # Leo_Sayer_episode ? Scott
poke	Brock explains to May and Max water conducts electricity , so Pikachu being near Milotic was a definitive victory .
muppet	In the comic Kermit the Frog stars as Robin Hood as he takes on the Sheriff of Muppetham and the wicked Gonzo of Gisbourne .
starwars	The Whirl was a location in the Inner Rim .
muppet	Im pretty sure that the `` Here is Your Life '' skit with the Oak Tree originally came in Season 4 , not Season 3 . I can tell because Guy Smiley has the moving eyebrow mechanism , which debuted in Season 4 . So Episode 0406 must have been when it first appeared , but for now well still call it as `` Earliest Known Appearance '' until we can confirm it . -- User Wile e2005 1655 , 28 May 2007
starwars	It was noted as odd that Revan deliberately avoided striking the Republic 's manufacturing facilities in his previous war , and again that he seemingly ended the Star Forge 's production of vessels early .
muppet	Thanks so much for figuring out that it was the Ha Ha song that was spliced onto the version of Everyone Likes Ice Cream on Big Bird Sings . I was going crazy trying to remember where Id heard that before , but I kept thinking it was something from Havin Fun with Ernie and Bert . Thanks again ! --
starwars	The Ugnaught vows to keep the Child safe and tells Cara to cover her stripes .
poke	However , Pikachu comes close to Geodude , who uses Mega Punch to send Pikachu away .
poke	The leaderboard is shown , with four finalists - Chaz , Janet and two unknown trainers .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Meowth opens the umbrella that does not conduct electricity .
starwars	Following the dissolution of the original Sith Empire circa 5000 BBY , the former capital world of Ziost fell by the wayside , and was nearly forgotten .
poke	Natasha points her protect the fields and sends Electrode back to keep the watch .
muppet	Tamara Tunie is an American actress best known as medical examiner Melinda Warner on Law
muppet	SupermanJGP I have seen Kermit on various talk shows denying any involvement between you two . How do you respond ?
poke	She exposes the Team Rocket , as the Pokéblocks have no apparent origin and tells May a true Coordinator would mix their own Pokéblocks .
muppet	When Kermit the Frog questions Sams obsession with `` decent family entertainment '' in the UK Spots . His two children are in college , though neither write to him . To Sams disgrace , his son is studying taxidermy and his daughter is dating an owl . Hed rather not talk about any of this .
starwars	The Walkhar Prophecy first appeared in `` '' as one of the possible items players could receive from the Seneschal 's Stronghold Pack .
muppet	Can we at least put John Kennedy
muppet	Mr. Warthog is a customer on Mopatops Shop in the episode `` Episode 131 Flowers . '' He wants to buy flowers that say , `` Thank you , Mom '' , but the flowers he bought say `` Happy Birthday , Gordon '' . Puppyduck manages to find a new flower that says the right thing .
muppet	Lots of great Rowlf moments -- from
poke	Brock tackles James , but with the mixtures combined , a fragrance is released , so every Pokémon gets super-happy , though humans think it smells awful .
poke	Mawile has fallen deeply in love with Lombre , which makes Max comment Corphish can forget about Mawile now .
starwars	Arriving at the vault , the Hero and a companion stormed the subterranean structure and cut a path through the hordes of Imperial fanatics that attempted to stop them .
poke	Togepi floats off and takes them to a portal , where Hansen and Team Rocket are on the other end .
muppet	The other articles look okay to me . Thoughts/suggestions/additions to the list ? Scott
starwars	In 1.5 ABY , Captain Thrawn was stationed at the Emperor 's Retreat on the planet Naboo .
poke	He tells them that it 'll be shown tomorrow night , so the heroes plan on watching the movie , since they are headed in the same direction .
poke	Team Magma 's helicopter arrives and Mightyena uses Shadow Ball to distract Captain Stern and Ash while Team Magma is getting aboard .
poke	Hansen starts the ceremony , placing Togepi on a pedestal and naming himself the King .
muppet	Someone is selling off old stock from the Golden Books/Western Publishing Archive -- the Ebay ID is http//www.ebay.com/sch/m.html ? _nkw=sesame
poke	Ash demands his case back and Whiscash shows the case on its tongue , but taunts him by taking the case back .
starwars	Ren asks Sidious what he could give him , and the Dark Lord replies that he can give him everything : a new Empire .
starwars	It possessed a main cabin and a cockpit , which had at least one seat for a pilot .
muppet	The Raggmopps were a group of singing mops who performed the song `` Rag Mop '' in The Muppet Show Episode 111 Lena episode 111 . The act was discovered by George the Janitor . Two of the mops were later seen dancing together in that episodes `` At the Dance '' segment .
muppet	Philip , please stop placing extras spaces in between each line of Performers on the TMS episode articles . Thsoe pages are all uniform , and they should stay that way . Thank you . --
muppet	Cookie Monster , as `` Double Stuffed 7 , '' learns to listen carefully to directions in order to complete a task and successfully save the cookie Online Sesamestreet.org 2789da99-1227-43ae-a008-d9c2b7ca0e31 } }
starwars	Slythmonger
muppet	Hey Julian , where on earth did you get those Sam pics from ? Theyre lovely ! Also that Mickey Mouse in MV3D looks like its from a 2D print of the movie ? ! Wheres that from ? cheers ! Wozza 2254 , January 17 , 2011
poke	As he begins to explain them the situation with Donphan , Team Rocket spies underground using a periscope from their Diglett machine , planning to use it to surprise their enemies .
poke	The cages belong to a poacher named Rico who uses his Fearow and Pupitar to chase off Team Rocket .
muppet	So yay or nay to this category ? Any possible exceptions or qualifying comments ? -- User Tom H 2005 , 29 March 2007
poke	Corphish retaliates with Crabhammer , knocking both Pokémon out , then blasts them off with Bubble Beam .
starwars	Led by Haydel Goravvus , Taris ' Republic Senator , the Taris Resistance was a motley assortment of armed locals and surviving law enforcement pushed into the Lower City by the Mandalorian attack .
starwars	Isard also began to grow impatient with the slow-moving progress and started threatening to kill everyone involved with the project , but agreed to all of Derricote 's requests , provided he cut the incubation period to one week .
starwars	This element was left out of the published entry , but later became canon when Nathan O'Keefe confirmed the relation in the short story Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Praji , published online through in 2009 .
poke	Elijah says he is lucky , as mostly he falls down from the canyon or is chase by Tauros or some such .
poke	Flannery explains when her grandfather was here , he had a student , who was the referee , but with Mr. Moore 's absence , the student left on a vacation .
muppet	Im trying to clean-up and organize the list of edits/variations . There appears to be 4 different edits of the special . Heres what Ive been able to put together
muppet	In March 2014 , as a promotion for the film Muppets Most Wanted , Miss Piggy recorded a video posted on the Glamour website , and the Glamour YouTube channel
muppet	The Doozers are a race of characters from Fraggle Rock who love to work . Theyre tiny , green creatures with small nub-like tails who usually sport construction helmets , boots , and tool belts . Doozers stand approximately knee-high to Fraggles , at six inches tall .
starwars	The complete series was reprinted in the 1997 hardcover collections `` '' and `` '' .
muppet	Hi , Matt ! Just a tip , remember that unlike Wikipedia , our new talk page items are added to the * top * so whatever is at the bottom is the oldest . Thus you ignored material on Talk and assumed that `` Johnson '' is made up
muppet	The animated version of Fraggle Rock ended after only one season . Executive producer Margaret Loesch , who also headed Muppet Babies , attributed its cancellation to an unnamed head of childrens programming at NBC , whose daughter disliked the show , and therefore chose not to renew it .
muppet	The opening to the song borrows the tune from Wikipedia to the the song of the same name .
poke	Jessie is certain she saw a Thunderbolt attack , knowing Pikachu must be around .
poke	Max realizes Harley was recording the conversation , when he ate the ice cream .
starwars	The Coruscant Security officer first appeared in the novel `` '' which was written by Drew Karpyshyn and published on November 13 , 2012 .
poke	Lombre goes through Samantha 's backpack and finds the Water Stone she kept inside .
muppet	On another topic , we give 1971 as the year of debut , and yet his earliest appearance in a Sesame Street News News Flash sketch gives Episode 0551 as a first airing ; which would have been in December of 1973 . The use of 1971 https//muppet.fandom.com/wiki/The_Big_Bad_Wolf ? diff=prev
starwars	Mon Calamari immediately became the premier source of capital ships for the Rebellion .
poke	James and Jessie ask Jessie to come with them , but she is staying with Seviper until Zangoose is defeated .
muppet	The 2013 Ernie is a different puppet from the big-eyed Ernie on the Through the Years page ; one of its earlier appearances I think was `` I Wonder '' .
poke	Ash , Max and May are ready to go to Rustboro City , but Brock reminds them to that the dishes need to be done first .
starwars	It was published by Marvel Comics on August 20 , 2019 .
poke	Later on , Brawly gives Ash the Knuckle badge , pointing out he was calm , during the battle and kept his head cool .
muppet	A short time ago , I was sent a Noggin link of this episode , and I observed how Cookie Monster does not in this case faint at the end of `` Dee , dee , dee '' . Ive never seen the Old School DVD , so Im a bit curious was this cutting done by Noggin , or did it fail to appear in the actual episode ? Garrettk41 0034 , January 7 , 2010
poke	He states mainland trainers are n't much of a challenge , so Ash decides to prove him wrong .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1353 , 25 January 2010
poke	Meowth proposes to have an original plan , since they aim to receive a promotion .
poke	Team Aqua move out as well , but Shelly is pleased knowing they foiled Team Magma 's plans .
starwars	Fett handed Wesell his sniper rifle , at her suggestion , to help cover him on the ascent back to the palace .
poke	The announcer explains if one collects five ribbons , they may go to the Pokémon Grand Festival .
poke	Max realizes this is n't cheering , but using Pokémon moves to power other Pokémon .
muppet	Should the segments under the Miscellaneous header marked United Kingdom be moved to the UK header ? Scott
poke	Max thinks Ash is doing unnecessary things and complains about how Ash should have had Pikachu use Quick Attack to avoid Twineedle .
muppet	Mulligan|Mr . Mulligan Now then , weve been trapped on this island for three months , which of course means ...
starwars	Jorad was assigned to begin carrying out his new duties on Prakith , a planet located in the Deep Core region of the galaxy , where the Inquisitorius was based .
starwars	As part of a creative process that lasted more than three years , Coca-Cola Design presented concepts for the bottles in various shapes and sizes before settling on the rustic orbs found in `` Star Wars '' : Galaxy 's Edge .
poke	Just as Meowth goes to release more bombs , the ball begins to crack , revealing that a huge Claydol was kept inside , twenty times than a normal one , according to Sigourney 's book .
poke	This causes Brock to be depressed , but claims he `` only wants the best for Claire '' .
muppet	It does , but I didnt consider that since technically it couldnt be Osbahr ; she wasnt around for Season 10 , after all ; ) Anyway , the voice doesnt sound like either Kathy Mullen or Cheryl Blaylock who were both around for that season , so thats basically why I considered Olga Felgemacher
starwars	Darth Sidious reconsolidated the devotees in the Thyrsus system .
starwars	The Produce Level was one of the lower levels of Pau City .
poke	The heroes try to explain they did not thought they were trespassing , but the boy yells out , causing Nincada to attack with Fury Swipes and force everyone to leave the Secret Base .
muppet	Whats the source for `` Vicki Eibner '' ? In all the episodes of Bear in the Big Blue House Ive seen , shes credited as Kenderes-Eibner , and listed as such in a 2002 profile article , and seemingly pretty much everywhere save IMDb and pages that sourced from IMDb .
starwars	He had a perverse joy in killing and became famous for his bloodthirsty methods .
muppet	`` Best Bean Ive Ever Seen '' was sung by Milo about his favorite food . King Derwin sings along after relazing that Milo is right and that anyone who loves what they do and lets him enjoy his Blimple Beans . It was featured in Episode 207 The Feed You Need of The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss .
muppet	Is the Palisades Collectors Club still in buisness ? I dont think Palisades Toys is in buisness anymore , so I doubt that the colectors club is . But if it isnt , then we should reword this article , which uses phrases like `` sells '' , `` offers '' , and `` can '' , which imply that its still in buisness . If its not in business anymore , then those terms should be changed to `` sold '' , `` offered '' , and `` could '' . -- User Minor muppetz 0354 , 9 September 2007
starwars	Types of marble included Durosian marble , Selonian marble and Wayland marble .
muppet	In Episode 201 Don episode 201 , Kermit let Fozzie help plan the show . His abilities in doing so earned him the title of `` Honorary Hip Dude '' from the Dr. Teeth and the Electric Electric Mayhem band . Sadly , his planning also later lost him that title . Then , when Kermit becomes sick in Episode 206 Nancy episode 206 , Fozzie is put in charge of hosting the show , which proves quite taxing for the bear .
muppet	Carlos is a frog who visits The the playroom in the Muppet Babies Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 108 Kermit Levels Up / Frogs of a Frogs of a Feather . ''
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1955 , May 8 , 2011
poke	Chunks of its name are composed of random bytes that do not actually correspond to text characters ; this results in pieces of terrain , overworld sprites , and battle sprites appearing on both sides of the `` 'M '' -- in sharp contrast to MISSINGNO. , whose name displays normally .
muppet	Richenda Carey is an actress who performed the voice of the Queen on Episode 202 Zero episode 202 of The Muppet Show , singing `` What Do the Simple Folk Do ? '' with Zero Mostel . She was the first of three female performers to `` audition '' for The Muppet Show within an episode , followed by Abby Hadfield and Louise Gold , who eventually won the role .
muppet	Wow , youve got sharper eyes than I do ! Ive been looking at this album for 31 years , and I never noticed the changes in the title . I did notice the different shot on later issues , which changes the light in Johns glasses . I think they changed it because the CD doesnt give you the original back cover , which winds up cutting off half of Animals head ! --
starwars	The thread masters wove fragments of gems and glass into a molecular string that was inlaid into the crystal .
starwars	The name was then first used in canon in the `` '' reference book , released April 4 , 2017 .
poke	Brock , Max , Max and the Nuzleaf use the net that held Nuzleaf , so Ash and Pikachu jump onto the net , landing safely .
starwars	In addition , TK-626 hated art and despised artists .
muppet	The song was also performed in the 1986 live Muppet Babies stage show , Jim Henson Presents Muppet Babies Live .
muppet	The series was produced by former Terrytoons animator Ray Favata . The characters of Billy Jo and Smart Susie originated in a series of childrens books by John Shearer , with illustrations by his father Ted Shearer . The series debuted with Billy Jo Jive , Super Private Eye The Case of the Missing Ten Speed Bike in 1976 . When the sequel The Case of the Sneaker Snatcher was released in 1977 , the cover boldly advertised `` Dont miss Billy Jo Jive and Susie Sunset on Sesame Street ! ''
starwars	While she gave it a paint job , their activity delayed Bridger in his Jedi lesson with Jarrus .
starwars	Palabee
starwars	This evolution was not surprising , as the very nature of lightsabers was such that the user 's raw strength did not hold the importance it did with traditional blades of metal .
muppet	So , we have Monday October 3rd for the first episode . The third production episode aired on October 7th , that Friday . And so on . So that helps make a little sense of those dates if it doesnt actually provide new ones .
starwars	The Imperial rank of Lieutenant-Inspector also existed within that organization .
starwars	After a few tests , Qui-Gon distracted Nil and momentarily knocked the Quint unconscious in his escape attempt .
starwars	The TDF 's officers primarily wore black uniforms , and also commanded several of their ships .
starwars	Corroth
poke	However , the smoke clears and Team Rocket are not blasted off , due to them having upgrades on their balloon .
muppet	There is an image from a page from Ernies Neighborhood in this article . Was that page actually copied into this book ? Because the text is exactly the same
starwars	In fact , Master Ana had made it to Coruscant and , finding the Jedi Temple in ruins , was forced underground .
starwars	Skywalker 's mouth simply tightened : `` he 'd grown less and less open to correction from his Master '' .
starwars	Sai cha
muppet	I suspect the main source for the info was the end credits under that .
starwars	Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia Organa used a grappling hook to swing across the chasm during the latter 's rescue .
muppet	Also , I tried to send you an e-mail 2 times , but both your addresses came back as bad . Did you get a new one ? --
muppet	Grover digs through his toy box to show all of the `` resting places '' for different parts of the body he has . These include spots for an elbow , an ear , a nose , a forehead , a thumb , a bellybutton , and both hands . At the bottom of the box Grover finds his favorite resting place of all a resting place for Grover . Ignoring the mess he has made he curls up on the resting spot to sleep until morning .
poke	Lance takes off his disguise , warning Archie will be controlled by the Red Orb .
starwars	This weapon was favored by the pirate Big Jak Targrim , who carried five such disks on his person .
muppet	Heres a typical example , from the summary for Episode 0932 `` Humpty Dumptys body is put together after a crash. ``
muppet	The 1983 Family Day event was hosted on June 26 , at the Blossom Music Center . Big Bird shared the podium with Cleveland Orchestra assistant conductor Robert Page . Presented twice that day , the program included `` pops , classical and Sesame Street favorites . '' Big Birds only wand-waving was for Amilcare Ponchiellis `` Dance of the Hours '' from La Gioconda . Oscar the Grouch and Shivers the Penguin also made appearances .
poke	Brock , May and Max stay outside , but they need to find a way to help them , since the cavern is a labyrinth .
poke	Mr. Briney swims and catches Peeko , but a submarine appears , with the mark of Team Aqua .
muppet	For big categories like Muppet Characters , obviously we wouldnt put 2,000 characters into the portal -- itll just be the top 16 or 20 or whatever that people are likely to be looking for . I looked up the stats , and made a list on Muppet Wiki viewed characters . Those are the pages that people actually look at on the site , in order from most-viewed down .
poke	They see a trainer feeding his Poochyena with PokéBlock , so they plan on selling the PokéBlocks for profit .
poke	Inside the vehicle , Ken and Mary have stopped Team Rocket from taking Lunatone .
poke	As Cacnea and Seviper clash ( due to their confusion from Water Pulse ) with Poison Tail and Needle Arm , they begin to attack Jessie , James and Meowth using Pin Missile and Haze .
poke	Meanwhile , the child , named Natalie , is being scolded by her sister , Nicole , for being rude to the travelers .
muppet	Licensed videos of commercially available stuff would be fine with me . Our main motivation for not posting that stuff is that we want to support the official releases . If the studio licenses clips , then its a part of their marketing plan , and Im happy to support that . )
poke	Max sees this is a great problem for May , who only has Torchic , a fire-type Pokémon .
muppet	Hey Andrew -- if you have a moment , can you look at Talk White ? ? You wrote the original article ; Nick is asking about the source for the Gemini nomination for Ace Hart . --
muppet	Hi , I was wanting to inform your members of the recently founded Puppet Wikia but I couldnt find a forum and it appears the Community portal isnt for that either ... so I was wondering if you could help me ? -- User
muppet	On this page and those of David Arquette , Elliott Gould and Dan Payne , the claim is made that they are the only four actors to appear on-camera in two feature-length Muppet productions . But Jerry Nelson has on-camera speaking parts in both Great Muppet Caper and Muppet Treasure Island . I understand that hes a Muppet performer , but surely he qualifies for inclusion on that list too . -- User 1023 , September 28 , 2007
starwars	Wicket struggled with the gardening , claiming he was `` a scout , not a farmer ! ''
muppet	James supplied character voices on the animated series Star Ewoks , The Dream Team , Ernest P. Ernest Rides Again , and Tommy Boy .
muppet	This number is performed similarly to `` How High the Moon '' in Episode 524 Roger episode 524 . Both are instrumentals performed as UK Spots by The Muppet the orchestra in the pit . The sketches are are also made up of a similar sequence of solos and camera angles , starting with a shot of the entire orchestra with Lips on trumpet , followed by Janices solo , then Rowlfs , Zoot and Floyds , and Animals , closing with another shot of the orchestra .
starwars	Greeting the Jedi who had redeemed him , Praven thanked the Hero for convincing him to join the Order—despite being only a Padawan , Praven felt more at home than he ever had before , and he was more than happy to report to Rikdine 's base with the other Jedi .
poke	As they ride a boat , Mr. Briney remembers well when his sailor days were over , a Wingull flew to Mr. Briney .
poke	Corphish is very terrified , so it attacks the ghost , revealing May and Max to be underneath .
poke	Winona is glad about Ash 's confidence and , to intensify the battle , the elevators take Ash and Winona higher .
muppet	Yeah , I was thinking that maybe Behemoth was a replacement for Carl -- then I remembered that Carl just appeared in the Bounty videos . ) I guess theres room for both in the world . --
poke	Since Nicholai came here to train so he can have a rematch with Norman , Ash challenges Nicholai to another battle , to which Nicholai agrees to .
muppet	Karin Jagd .
starwars	`` The Mandalorian rejoins old allies for a new mission . ''
starwars	Serendipitously , Han , Luke and Chewie arrive on Drunost for their meeting with Porter at the same time the Hand of Judgment returns there to pick up the Bloodscars ' trail .
starwars	Midway through the duel , the spirit of the long-dead Marka Ragnos appeared , telling the two that their Empire was under threat , and that they had to choose their course wisely .
starwars	Sensing that other threats to the New Republic existed , Leia formed a paramilitary group called the Resistance .
poke	Lance tells them that the legend repeated , as Kyogre and Groudon created the world again , by taking control of the land and sea .
poke	Ash promises to master Pikachu 's Iron Tail , while May holds Janet 's ribbon up .
muppet	Hey Brad , can you take a look at Talk Muppets TV spots and add your input ? Thanks ! --
poke	Brock claims he will fight , through air or sea , but Misty pulls him away for trying to impress Sara .
starwars	The individual appeared in `` '' , written by Karen Traviss and published on September 16 , 2008 .
muppet	In a 2009 interview on her Muppet wrangling duties , Hickey called her position a `` dream job '' and discussed the amount of work that goes into keeping Big Bird in tip top shape .
starwars	He escaped and eventually adopted the name Lord Nyax , after the Corellian bogey-man tale .
muppet	Balconism — Prev-EULOGY When movie studios cram the whole movie into the preview and kill any chance of people going to see it .
poke	The heroes help out , though they see the Lotad stopped moving , for the Lotad ( who soaked Brock with Water Gun earlier ) did not pour the water on the trees .
muppet	To honor Jim Hensons 75th birthday on September 24 , 2011 , The Jim Henson Company and Google partnered up to create a http//www.google.com/logos/2011/henson.html special Google logo with six original characters , corresponding in shape and size with the `` Google '' lettering , that the users could puppeteer themselves . Using a mouse and/or a keyboard , the characters would look up , down , and sideways , and open and close their mouths . Special animations could be discovered as well .
starwars	However , when the team uncovered the catacombs beneath the temple , they awakened the spirit of Exar Kun and became enslaved to it , becoming the Cult of Exar Kun .
starwars	During the Clone Wars , a stolen ornately woven Miraluka tapestry worth 1,500 was taken to a hotel room in the Starlight Lounge on the planet Genarius by the minions of the Rodian slaver Gomalo .
starwars	Calrissian later smuggled weapons to Petrusia after the Empire seized control of it .
muppet	I discovered this passage on the forums of http//jimhillmedia.com/blogs/jim_hill/jhmcomments/5563.aspx Jim Hill Media . Has anyone heard of this concept , or should I contact the poster to ask if he can reveal his sources ? -- Zanimum 0110 , November 13 , 2009
poke	As both sides promise to give it all they got , Corphish uses Bubble Beam , while Swellow stays close to it .
poke	Nurse Joy follows a Seedot and sees the problem : a Nuzleaf is diseased , having a fever .
poke	Norman pushes a button on a remote , firing up the fireworks , some of which take shape of Beautifly .
starwars	In 3 ABY , the Imperial defector Governor Everi Chalis , working for the Rebel Alliance 's 61st Mobile Infantry , contacted the freighter , pretending that she was still a member of the Empire .
starwars	Under Count Dooku 's orders , she ordered the Separatist fleet to target and destroy the command ship Asajj Ventress was on , in line with Darth Sidious 's wish to have her killed .
muppet	I really like the papers you scanned at Category talk Sesame Street Episodes . I especially like the first season show content . While looking at these scans , I noticed that , in the miscellaneous inserts paper , there was a skit that referred to Grover by name . I couldnt tell what the whole thing was listed as , but it said `` Grover Hey Frog '' .... something . I guess this would be proof that Grover did have his name during the first season . Do you think somebody should we cite this piece of paper as a source on the Grover and Fuzzyface pages ? I also noticed in some sketch listing and sketch research pages , the word `` dump '' is written besides certain sketches . You wouldnt happen to know what this is supposed to mean , would you ? -- User Minor muppetz 0027 , 19 July 2007
starwars	Kaliyo also convinced Cipher Nine to aid her in dealing with some of her ex-partners who were seeking her out , such as include Rholl , Yjal , Ta Tigal , and a bounty hunter called `` The Menace '' , who turned out to be none other than Ona Querit , who wanted to show Kaliyo what she had become .
poke	Back at the forest , May shows where they found the net , when Max shows the tire tracks on the ground .
poke	Once they arrive there , the heroes met up with Tate and Liza , who just had a battle .
starwars	Some time later , while on Nim Drovis , a Gopso ' o rebellion took place and she fled the planet on her starship with the famous droids C-3PO and R2-D2 , and the Chadra-Fan reporter Yarbolk Yemm .
muppet	Cheers Danny , how intruiging ! Ill do some digging ! Wozza 1044 , August 28 , 2011
starwars	Hilt 's ploy worked and the other Sith including Korsin elected Hilts as their new Grand Lord , the first since the Night of the Upside-Down Meteor which ended the life of Lillia Venn .
muppet	In the credits for this song in the album Born to Add Born to Add , it lists the writers as `` Cerf-Kingsley '' , but doesnt list their first names
starwars	His Testament became the guiding document of the Tribe for the next two millennia .
starwars	Intact forests abundant with life still covered the southern hemisphere , while surface temperatures had rendered landmasses in the northern hemisphere unsuitable for all but the most extremophilic sentient species .
muppet	Heres a couple tips WikiStickies are designed to help the newer contributors find interesting tasks to help out with . The best WikiStickies are specific -- a particular task on a particular page -- so that a contributor isnt intimidated by the size of the task . The task should also be practical -- something that an average editor can do , without being a super-expert . Have fun !
poke	Skitty uses Assist once more and it turns to Ember again , defrosting and burning Corphish .
muppet	Hey , could you possibly add the Street Scenes from the Disappear-O episode up on YouTube ? That was one of my favorites as a kid ! Thank you !
poke	Mr. Briney turns the ship , causing the man 's boat to fly over on the other side of the rock .
poke	May hears Surskit are well known for speed from Vividian , so Bulbasaur attacks with Razor Leaf .
poke	He goes to open it , but Team Rocket arrive in their submarine and snatch the chest away .
muppet	Yeah , its okay to links characters in both the synopsis and the character list .
muppet	An instrumental version of the song accompanied a montage of Muppet
starwars	Grove harriers were predatory birds from Kashyyyk .
starwars	Additionally , the Disney edition includes an exclusive limited-edition print of Darth Vader .
poke	Jessie runs away and stomps on Skitty 's tail , causing Skitty to use Blizzard .
starwars	The Ravenno was a Mesens Corporation SCT Scout Craft in the possession of the Loose Cannon pirate gang .
poke	Since they are miles away from the next town , Pikachu falls down from dehydration , then one by one falls down as well .
muppet	I guess were not using Things you can do anymore as I couldnt find it linked anywhere . Or Im retarded . Anyway , the Playhouse Video pages could use a lot of work . Spelling , uniformity , wiki links , etc . If , you know , anyone was looking for something to do .
muppet	When asked `` whats a Muppet ? , '' The Homer Simpson said `` Well , its not quite a mop and its not quite a puppet ... but man laughs . So to answer your question , I dont know . ''
poke	Lairon attacks with Metal Claw , but is negated due to Masquerain 's Hidden Power .
muppet	Hi ! I had to take out your edits on The Muppets page , only because any additions need to follow the format you see the name has to have a reliable source , a website link or whathave you , for the claim , since tons of rumors have floated around and we wont know the final roster until the movie comes out . We want to make sure we dont include anything that cant be backed up .
muppet	Hope I havent taken too much of a liberty , but I removed the text from this frankly pointless page , or so it seems to me , which would appear to be speculation . Here it is for the record . If anyone can actually source any of this , feel free to do so and fix it , but as is , it was all personal speculation , and very NPOV . -- Andrew , Aleal
poke	Caroline is worried , but May reminds Max her mother may not let them leave their house if Max starts bragging .
starwars	Its duties also involved the examination and renewal of faculty members to maintain the highest standard of education in the Tion Hegemony .
starwars	On Coruscant , Galactic Alliance Chief of State Natasi Daala faces mounting criticism of her heavy-handed attempts to suppress the Jedi .
poke	Ash tells him he is not a hero , but reminds him to trust his Pokémon , as he shouts out he will rescue Pikachu and the stone .
starwars	As a result , they were noted for holding a highly muddled sense of history .
starwars	This was not to be the last time the Rogues encountered Kavil 's Corsairs , who were in fact led by Leonia Tavira , the Moff they had encountered on Eiattu .
muppet	P.S . Thanks for all the new commercials ! --
starwars	Stele 's sensors picked up a probe called Yey nearby and destroyed it .
poke	Meowth throws a gold Pokéblock to Wobbuffet , then distracts the man for a while .
starwars	The crews were told to stay out of any serious engagements and rely upon their starfighter squadrons as their primary weapons .
starwars	They were usually fried .
starwars	Above the planet floated the Anthan Spire , a city used as a vacation resort for the incredibly rich .
poke	The younger Calita needs to be on her own , as her older self can not help her .
starwars	Wielding the empathic abilities to create remorse and suicidal thoughts in those who have done wrong , Clat was an elder amid the Guildsmen and their cardinal leader , holding secrets he was unwilling to share with outsiders .
poke	Brock reminds May not to overuse Assist , though Wattson admits it is fun to use a surprise attack .
muppet	This song is a parody of Olivia Newton-Johns Lets Get Physical .
starwars	The Sand Slug was a blue creature that could be found inside caves on the planet Tatooine .
starwars	Even neutrality punishable by death .
poke	Pikachu and Corphish cheer , while May , Brock and Max are amazed Ash pulled out this victory .
starwars	It has not appeared in any other publications to date .
poke	Max asks him to bring some water , but while Ash goes , he stumbles upon a can .
poke	They come close to the man and his boat , though Mr. Briney sees a giant rock , suspecting that 's where the man would meet up with the other members .
poke	Geodude uses Rollout , but due to the flattened field , it does not control its movement .
starwars	The 15-page hardcover features illustrations by Wayne Douglas Barlowe .
starwars	Skywalker realizes something is wrong , and returns to the landing site to see the transport and his starfighter explode , destroying R4-P22 .
poke	Drake tells Ash that it is not everything in winning and losing , but what the trainer learns from it .
muppet	In the index of Street Gang , she is credited as Jennifer Barnhart Tartaglia . Were they ever married ? Or maybe was that just a typo ? I heard they had a strong relationaship , but my knowledge ends there . Help ? Thanks . Hairsprayman111 0050 , July 18 , 2010
poke	Will they succeed in cutting through the valley unharmed or will the angry Steel-type block their way ?
muppet	Mikó has performed on stage and recorded several albums . On the 1984 multi-artist childrens album Tini Dal , he sang `` Breki-Blues '' in character as Kermit and was the official dubbing voice of Robin Williams . He also dubbed Peter Lorre in Dashiell The Maltese Falcon , Peter Sellers in Dr. Strangelove or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Dr. Strangelove , Eddie Albert in Roman Holiday , Johnny Five in Short Short Circuit 2 , Jon Lovitz in Small Town Crooks , and Ron James in Ernest P. Ernest Rides Again . Cartoon roles include Winnie the Pooh , the genie in Aladdin , Barney Rubble on The Flintstones , Boo-Boo on Yogi Yogis Treasure Hunt , Bernard in The Rescuers , and Ray in The Princess and the Frog .
starwars	When Kestis fully healed his connection to the Force , he was able to use telekinetic techniques such as Force push , Force pull , and Force Repulse to great effect , even against groups of enemies or large beasts .
muppet	This looks like something that was in the movie rather than a photo done expressly for promotional purposes , so I figured it would fit on our page for The Muppet Movie deleted scenes . Ill do a scan in the near future . Thanks !
poke	As they all run , Poncho and Ludicolo fall into a hole and get captured in a net .
muppet	Lorne Greene is a Canadian-born actor most widely known for his role as patriarch Ben Cartwright on the television Western Bonanza .
starwars	Lawise ordered his security droids to arrest Bonteri and remove him from the royal palace .
poke	On their way through , they come across a Torkoal being attacked by several Steel Pokémon .
muppet	The Three Bears are the classic trio of fairytale ursines , consisting of a large papa bear , medium-sized mama bear , and tiny baby bear , from the Fairy Tale Goldilocks and the Three Bears . In an early Sesame Street skit , an Anything Anything Muppet version of the family attempts to count each other . They sound off in turn but then go round again and reach the number 7 before Goldilocks intervenes .
poke	Joshua asks her if May is going to use Skitty , but May has not decided that yet .
starwars	During the dogfight , Zander flew in the Blazemaker Mark II and used it to destroy several of the pursuing TIE fighters .
starwars	Around the time of the Hosnian Cataclysm , the Resistance spy Kazuda Xiono and former New Republic starfighter pilot Jarek Yeager led a successful revolt against the First Order and retook control of the `` Colossus '' .
poke	The heroes think who was the man , but Jenny implicates he might be a member of Team Aqua .
muppet	The series had been in development at the Jim Henson Company since the early 2000s , by early 2006 , scripts were written and production began . The show was shot in Australia and dubbed in Britain .
muppet	The Grunt Bags are brown paper bags that grunt . Riff and Mimi rehearse with them for the big concert in the The Ghost of Faffner Ghost of Faffner Hall episode `` Episode 105 The Voice Is an The Voice Is an Instrument . ''
muppet	https//shop.crackerbarrel.com/music-movies-books/music/vinyl/sesame-street-sing-silly-songs-lp/674041
starwars	Defeat Mace Windu in the Jedi Saber Arena .
starwars	In 5 ABY , Greybok , Hatchet , and Palabar joined Han Solo and Chewbacca 's mission to free Kashyyyk from Imperial rule .
poke	May asks how does Romeo feel when he is near Juliet , he begins to act nervous and becomes clumsy .
muppet	The production company behind the show , Life Like Touring , had been in discussions with Sesame Workshop for `` a number of years '' .
poke	People evacuate the area and as Treecko throws away Gulpin , Gulpin retaliates with Sludge .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1624 , February 12 , 2010
muppet	Friends to the Rescue is a Sesame Street home video release that originally aired as a series of five episodes in 2001 Episodes Episode 3976 , Episode 3977 , Episode 3978 , Episode 3979 , and Episode 3980 . These episodes were edited together , removing all inserts , and a number of Street scenes .
starwars	On his `` exile '' planet , Thrawn was taken by Imperial Captain Voss Parck without resistance .
poke	At the Pokémon Center , as Brock and Max are sleeping May wakes up , only to find Ash 's bed empty .
poke	Meowth thinks James is pretending to be Juan too much , while Jessie comments how James is actually Don Juan .
starwars	It was present in numerous major engagements during the latter portions of the Yuuzhan Vong War , including the Battle of Ylesia and the Defense of Mon Calamari .
poke	Ash , Max and May wave goodbye to Norman and Caroline , as the trio continues their journey .
muppet	Tammy MacIntosh is an Australian actress and soap opera veteran who played Joolushko `` Jool '' Tunay Fento Hovalis on Farscape from 2001 until 2002 , and in Farscape The Peacekeeper Wars .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , knocking Dustox on the machine and blasting Team Rocket away .
starwars	Nevertheless , these two works , along with `` Endor and the Moddell Sector , '' provide a rationale for the moon 's myriad other sentients : such beings are offworlders who crash landed there after falling prey to Endor 's massive gravity shadow and large screen of space detritus .
starwars	He remained dedicated to the New Republic even after the immediate crisis ended , forgoing complete retirement to lend his services to their continuing fight against the Empire .
muppet	Fozzies Funnies is a 1993 Golden Little Golden Book featuring Fozzie Bear .
starwars	The former was essentially stripped of all personnel and useful equipment , and was used as the `` Emperor 's Spear '' in the forthcoming battle ; sacrificing itself to destroy the Yuuzhan Vong force 's command ship , and its leader , Czulkang Lah .
starwars	This brought smugglers to D'larah , and one of the most precious commodities was people trying to evacuate the planet .
muppet	Rowlf had several lines of dialogue in The Muppet Show Live in 2001 and also spoke two lines of dialogue as Rowlf for the 2006 A Green and Red Christmas album .
poke	Pikachu is exhausted already , and while Ash wonders how to conclude the battle , Milotic dives .
poke	Swablu flies for a moment , but falls down , so Ash suspects it might have forgotten how to fly .
poke	After getting pecked by Taillow , James drops Pikachu , who uses Thunderbolt to blast Team Rocket off .
poke	The Gym Leader has turned the power on , making him amused how the heroes are riding the lift , even if his assistant does not .
starwars	Some of its inhabitants lived in small sedentary villages while others known as the Schor-Goya were nomadic .
starwars	However , Jaden 's eavesdropping efforts were detected , and the mysterious figures turned on him , knocking him out .
muppet	Thats a really interesting fact about the sombrero incident . Where can this be confirmed ? What season was it from ? Im so hungry for knowledge ! lol - Hairsprayman111 0203 , October 23 , 2010
starwars	Before their initial entry into the depths of the ruins , Malak questioned whether Revan was certain this was the path they should follow .
starwars	The Battle of the Plains occurred at some point of the Melida/Daan Civil War .
starwars	Despite Galen 's pleas for forgiveness she let her brother rot in prison .
starwars	With the relationship between the Jedi Order and the Dagoyan Order mended , the two orders sought to continue on a relationship of mutual respect .
muppet	For each of those that I worked on , I added the stuff that was cut from the Season 1 DVDs , corrected spelling , added stage directions , removed song lyrics when necessary , and added any excess verbiage that the subtitles left out . I have all seasons on hard drives , so I was able to play/watch them as I did the above . Shane also worked on some , so I think he did the same things I did .
muppet	Dr. Julius Strangepork is an elderly pig who serves as resident scientist aboard the Swinetrek spaceship in the recurring The Muppet Muppet Show sketch Pigs in Space . His fellow crew members include Link Captain Link Hogthrob and Miss Piggys Alternate First Mate Piggy . The German-accented sesquipedalian '' Dr. Strangepork performed routine repair work as well as offering diagnostics on planets or approaching spacecrafts . It was revealed in Episode 218 Jaye P. Episode 218 that Dr. Strangepork is the only one who knows how all of the Swinetrek works . He is also the inventor of questionably useful devices such as the Dissolvatron .
muppet	Til Schweiger
starwars	As a youth , she had hoped to one day enroll in the Imperial Academy and serve the Galactic Empire with honor , but her hopes were dashed as she was continually passed over in favor of men .
starwars	The DRPV-78 Rocket Pack used miniaturized repulsorlift stabilizers along with specialized liquid fuel mixtures to provide longer flight times .
poke	The woman is Claire and the man is Royce , her butler , who introduce themselves .
starwars	As political maneuvering between the League and the Republic increased , forces attached to the Fifth and led by Commodore Brand engaged the Yevetha at the Battle of ILC-905 , where K-wing bombers were able to destroy a Yevethan shipyard and some thrustships .
muppet	There appears to be a question of source material for what these sketches are `` officially '' called which has been discussed some on User Deans talk page . Please resolve this before editing the article further . -- Scarecroe 1458 , 6 March 2006
muppet	The Wall of Destiny showed the Gelflings their Quest - to find the lost Shard , and have the Crystal healed by the hand of a Gelfling before the next Great Conjunction . However the Skeksis saw it too , and fearing the Gelflings success , resolved to stop the prophecy . The Skeksis directed the Garthim to hunt out and kill the Gelflings . They used the Crystal Bats to track them down and annihilate the entire Gelfling race . However two Gelflings survived the slaughter Jen and Kira .
starwars	Through the deaths of the Son and the Father , Skywalker succeeded in fulfilling his role as the Chosen One by restoring balance to the Force on Mortis .
poke	The people compliment them , putting Ash down ( because of their belief that Ash still ca n't battle Norman ) but thanking Pikachu for taking on Team Rocket , causing Ash to fall over .
poke	In the first direction , Max , Ash 's Pikachu and Team Rocket 's Meowth have fallen .
poke	Brock thinks they want to be Gym Leaders , but May is uncertain , while Max has n't gotten a Pokémon yet .
muppet	While the commercials were never used , the characters of Sneegle and Sue were featured in the first iteration of the `` Happy Girl Meets a Beautiful Day '' sketch
starwars	Its existence and presence on Etti IV was introduced to the current canon in `` '' , published in 2015 .
poke	The other Togepi start glowing and open the gate , causing the heroes , as well as Sara and Miranda , to come back to Mirage Kingdom .
starwars	After Surik told her that she would follow Revan as she did a decade before , Kreia finally surrendered her life to what she once despised—the Force .
starwars	He locked down the ship , leaving R2-D2 in charge , but left the access codes with Jool at Rik 's Cantina in case his crew should eventually show up , and he did not return from his mission to the Temple of the Sith .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0054 , May 4 , 2011
starwars	It also had an insect-like front part containing the cockpit , thus deviating from the standard TIE-cockpit design .
poke	Impressed at how well they had raised their own Pokémon , Nurse Joy enlists Ash and Max to babysit the Treecko , Torchic and Mudkip awaiting a Pokémon trainer who 's just about to begin her journey .
poke	At the Contest , May is displeased Skitty 's Blizzard failed , even if her friends point out she did receive a good score .
poke	Brock decides to stock up on supplies , while Max is eager to go hunting for city dwelling Pokémon .
poke	94 's Pokédex screen has no information except weight and height ( 23 ' 0 ' ft and 880.6 lb )
muppet	In addition to appearing with Muppets , Colbert has written several Muppet-related articles for Mashable—including visiting the set of Sesame Street to compile http//mashable.com/2013/11/10/hoopers-store-sesame-street/ a list of comical products found in Hoopers Store—and has helped produce several Muppet web videos—including http//mashable.com/2013/11/12/oscar-the-grouch-grumpy-cat/ a video featuring Oscar the Grouch meeting Grumpy Cat , A Lovely Sunny a music video featuring Zachary Levi and Bert ; Last Week Tonight with John a video featuring Cookie Monster appearing alongside John Oliver , and a series of videos featuring Grover with Kid President . Colbert also co-wrote the song `` A Lovely Sunny Day '' which featured Zachary Levi and Bert .
starwars	It took the form of a large , red , glowing orb .
muppet	If they were never really married , its pretty interesting that they shared a house together for many years in the latest movie ...
poke	It has the same cry and moveset as a Charizard from Gen 1 unless it keeps some of the glitch moves it knew as a 7g .
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail , but Treecko dodges and uses Pound , hitting Seviper again .
muppet	Hey , Scott ! Theres nothing on the page for the Labyrinth comic adaptation . Do you think somebody might have erased it ? Im going to put it where it should go , but I just wanted to let you know in case you or anybody else might have some more info on it . Thanks ! --
poke	Juan got the five ribbons , participated in the Grand Festival and won the Ribbon Cup with Milotic and the other Pokémon .
poke	As Cacnea goes to use Pin Missile ( and gets burned by Typhlosion 's Flamethrower ) , Max and May sneak to the balloon to get Torkoal out of the bag .
starwars	`` Heroes of `` Revenge of the Sith '' '' was an article on Wizards.com for the Star Wars Roleplaying Game , giving game play stats for some characters from .
starwars	Latecomer
muppet	Yolanda can also be seen in the background of A Muppet Family Christmas and The Muppets at Walt Disney World , and pops up The Muppet Show Comic Book Family Reunion , where she is paired with Rizzo . When she and Rizzo played Hansel and Gretel in the Muppet Magazine issue Summer 1986 issue of Muppet Magazine , she said she was happy to be saved from being typecast in The Pied Piper of Hamelin ... `` we play the rats . ''
poke	Ash looks it up on the Pokédex and Baltoy goes to the cliff , so Pikachu tries to stop it by using Thunderbolt , but the attack did n't work and Baltoy still spins on .
starwars	Duluur sector
poke	A woman asks May is she is Norman 's daughter , which she confirms , so the fans come to her .
muppet	Can I be a sysop ? I wont use the job crazy . Since we have lots of requests of duplicated images , I will delete theduplicated images
starwars	Elsewhere , Roger dogfights above the Imperial Palace , destroying three more TIE fighters with the `` Arrowhead '' .
starwars	Josala Krenn
starwars	They grew 1.5 meters long .
poke	She remembers the day when she met the Spinda on a flower field , while reading a book .
starwars	The M3-A Scyk fighter was a light interceptor , the lightest of all the starfighter designs produced by its Mandalorian manufacturer , MandalMotors .
starwars	Qel-Droma later appeared as a Force ghost in video game in 2002 , where he was voiced by Charles Dennis .
starwars	It contained the planet Auratera and its dual stars , Aurell and Ryern .
poke	Max asks what May thinks of the battle , to which May replies she wo n't battle , much to everyone 's surprise .
muppet	Tim Miller
starwars	Sato 's corvette was then pulled into the ventral hangar of the Interdictor and boarded by Imperial forces .
muppet	But Im inclined to agree that it makes more sense to start a short page for a single sketch * if * you have access to the scripts/documents to fill out the rest . If not .
poke	The heroes have arrived to Petalburg City at the northern district and decide to go to the Pokémon Center .
poke	Jessie and Meowth plan on disguising themselves and steal the Pokémon , but James reminds them they were never successful at that .
poke	Birch knows even if the Pokémon were meant originally for May to choose , Birch asks Joshua to tell May to wait until the situation is over .
muppet	The dates Brad added to this page are all just guesswork by the people at eFX right now
poke	While spending some more time at the space center , Max and Tate go to a space shuttle , only to encounter Team Rocket , who wants to steal the space shuttle .
starwars	It was also the first time that Han Solo and Princess Leia kissed .
starwars	Group C
starwars	Tannon was troubled by the decisions he had to make as the war progressed , though the Refugee Relief Movement cast him as an uncaring elitist , particularly after he denounced the destruction of art treasures in the Museum of Light on Tandis Four as an atrocity .
starwars	He was armed with a pistol which he kept attached to his belt at the hip .
starwars	Ship of the Smuggler 's Alliance was an article in `` Star Wars Gamer 4 '' about various starships belonging to members of the Smugglers ' Alliance .
poke	While Shelly has the Grunts continue searching , Millie whispers something to Ditto , who transforms to Castform , along with the card , and runs away , distracting Team Aqua .
muppet	The Minstrels are a group of wandering musicians on Fraggle Rock . Led by Cantus the Minstrel , they were introduced in `` Episode 118 The The Minstrels . ''
starwars	Prior to the Siege of Calimondretta , Lubboon returned Narsk 's stolen Cyricept Mk VI stealth suit and smuggled Kerra 's lightsaber an enviro-suit .
poke	Taillow goes to attack Pikachu , so May sends Torchic , who gets too excited and bashes into a rock .
starwars	The Rodian and the Feeorin found themselves cut off from the rest of the Reeven clan , though Nym had a back-up plan prepared .
poke	They fly off in the balloon , but Pelipper cuts the rope tied to the bag with Poké Balls , with the heroes catching the bag .
poke	A giant Spinda machine appears before them , as Team Rocket starts stealing the Spinda .
poke	Regardless , Birch asks of the boy to be their guide for Island B , where he would like to go next to .
starwars	Flameskull
starwars	He was recovered and taken back to `` Mon Remonda '' ; `` Iron Fist '' was believed destroyed in the battle .
starwars	In the novelization , Mace Windu contacted Yoda once more `` after '' learning the truth of Palpatine 's identity , sanctioning his upcoming decision and action with the approval of the Grand Master of the Jedi Order .
starwars	Due to his unpleasant earlier experiences with the Dark Lord of the Sith , Azrakel harbored an intense personal hatred for Sidious , which Kadann made efforts to intensify .
muppet	`` For What Its Worth '' is performed by an opossum and a chorus of Woodland woodland animals on Episode 221 Bob episode 221 of The Muppet Show . The song was originally released as a single by the band Buffalo Springfield . When it became a success , they included it on a 1967 re-release of their self-titled 1966 debut album .
starwars	They quickly discovered that the ship had been attacked by a red blade , which they initially assumed belonged to another Inquisitor .
muppet	Toshiro does not appear in the roll call . When he is older , his ambition is to be a fireman .
starwars	Hera advises the two rebels to use the deflector core against the droids .
muppet	MacNeal should know , but wed have to assume uncle is meant literally , not as in a family friend or anything . If necessary , we could always cite it as `` Muppet performer Noel MacNeal referred to Cab Calloway as his uncle in a 2013 tweet '' link , etc .
muppet	He is perhaps best known for playing Long Duk Dong in the teen film Sixteen Candles . Other credits included UHF , Forgetting Sarah Marshall , Gremlins 2 The New Batch , EdTV , and the 2004 version of Alfie . TV work has included guest spots on Seinfeld , ER , and Everwood , and he has appeared on Broadway in Stephen Stephen Sondheims Pacific Overtures . Voice over work includes The Simpsons , Batman Beyond , and The Walt Disney Disneys Mulan .
starwars	Kenobi managed to parry her dual-overhands , prompting her to leap back and pull off her skirt , hurling it at Kenobi to block his vision .
muppet	Hi , im ThetaOrion ! ThetaOrion 0354 , 31 July 2009
muppet	This is another sockpuppet account we created for the Wizard World convention ... --
muppet	Moriarty appeared on-screen in the 2012 music video `` Share It Maybe '' and a 2018 https//www.facebook.com/SesameStreet/videos/10156339587599549/ `` Take Your Muppet to Work Day '' video . He also played the Anything Muppets in episode 3 of Below the Frame .
starwars	However , this delay allowed the Ewoks to coat their sunberry trees in shadowroot soap , making the plants invisible .
starwars	Another T-6 shuttle was used by Padawan Tano and Pantoran Senator Riyo Chuchi to travel to a Trade Federation Droid Control Ship above Pantora during their search for the kidnapped daughters of Pantoran Chairman Notluwiski Papanoida .
poke	Seviper uses Wrap to attack Pikachu , though Ash reminds Pikachu their friendship will prevail over this fake cheering .
muppet	Im answering the question of the identity of `` Big Fat Ugly Bug Face Baby Eating OBrien '' , my daughter found the picture on google images and told me about the misidentification . She felt that I should correct it . It was a fantastic film to be breifly involved with , I shared a dressing room with miss piggy A fantastic film crew and cast to work with , brilliant set and unforgetable memories .
muppet	Hey , man -- Youre adding a lot of cool stuff today . Is your name actually Brad ? Let me know , and Ill add you to the Community portal page . I want to respond to you about stuff , but its always hard for me to talk to somebody if Im not sure of their name ... -- Danny Toughpigs 2240 , 13 Jan 2006
muppet	Well , the Sesame license and the Fraggle license were handled separately , so its not a mystery why one would continue and the other one not . As for the date Not seeing it in the product newsletters doesnt necessarily mean it wasnt produced in the early 80s . I just cant find any evidence one way or the other right now . --
poke	She promises to do her best , while Oak knows with Ash by her side , they both will do well .
starwars	After the other Black Squadron pilots Temmin Wexley , Karé Kun , Jessika Pava , and L'ulo L'ampar arrived to rescue Dameron , Chuan , Muva , and the other slaves escaped in about four escape pods .
starwars	Thus , it seemed that the Alderaanian Killiks had lost their ability to function together as a hive organism with their society descending into chaos .
starwars	The Holowan Massacre or Holowan Disaster took place sometime before 15 BBY on the planet of Halowan .
starwars	Coynites could conceivably live up to 250 standard years , but their warrior culture resulted in an average life span of a mere 53 years .
muppet	That was a great question that you posted on my talk page -- I posted it on the Special page , and I replied there , so that everybody could talk about it .
starwars	Shortly afterward , the agents discovered a fragment of a Sith tome in the facility 's archive room , and 7-A39 translated the text for them .
muppet	Does anybody know the number of the episode where Oscar the Oscar wishes Oscars trash his trash can could be filled with trash all the way to the top ? Rosie
starwars	The Je'daii enamored by the light side of the Force , or Ashla professed that it was stronger than the Bogan and the more virtuous path to walk .
starwars	During a starfighter attack against an `` Imperial Cargo Transfer Station '' in the Elliirad system the Rebels use Escort shuttle `` Upsilon '' with its feigned Imperial registry to deploy a demolition team to the platform in an attempt to sabotage the facility .
starwars	Luke says it will be easier if he can follow Yoda but Yoda tells him that Luke will carry him instead .
starwars	Despite their ability to serve as bodyguards , the handmaidens would also serve Amidala on a more personal level , tending to her outfits and hairstyles .
muppet	I apologize on behalf of the 1.19 Upgrade team for all of the rough edges and headaches involved .
poke	Ash , Max and Marius go outside to buy some , while Captain Stern stays in the museum to find more about the dark stone .
muppet	In film and television , Beatty played an assortment of blustery politicians , businessmen , generals , and other rough-hewn American `` civic leader '' types . One of his more notable film roles was as Dr. Ralph Halvorsen in 2001 A Space Odyssey . His other movie credits ran the gamut of military , police , and government ranks , from an RCMP mountie in The Invaders , Senator Milburn in the The Walt Disney Disney comedy The Unidentified Flying Oddball , and appearances in two Superman films , as a tanker captain in Superman II and President of the United the President in Superman IV The Quest for Peace .
starwars	The A5 was primarily a troop transport , and could carry fifty soldiers in power armor along with all necessary equipment .
starwars	He worked as a farmer and at some point traveled to Coronet City on the planet Corellia with his son .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 2306 , June 6 , 2009
starwars	Vandrayk paid little attention to the ship 's life support systems , allowing allergens and molds to build up in the `` Last Resort '' air filtration system , which were released when the ship flew again .
starwars	Many Guardsmen also carried large , handheld shields that could halt blasterfire , and Mandalorian manacles were a regular component of Mandalorian police equipment ; forged from nearly impervious `` beskar '' iron , the manacles were used to bind a captive 's limbs .
poke	( If the player has not yet caught Ditto , its Pokédex data will even be displayed . )
poke	It also evolves oddly ; at level one , it can evolve into Kangaskhan , and at level 128 , it can evolve into a Clefairy .
muppet	DeWitt and Knight feature in a plot that involves making their way through an animation studio to see how various TV shows are made . In one scene , they come across a recording booth where a recording session for Muppet Babies is taking place . Voice artists Frank Welker , Howie Mandel , Russi Taylor , and Laurie OBrien interact while performing their various characters before a clip from the Episode 101 Noisy first episode is shown .
starwars	In response , Vader kills Jerjerrod .
starwars	He once wanted to join the New Republic Academy , but never left off world .
muppet	While not an obvious parody , maybe its worth noting the similar melody with the instruments . Just a suggestion .
starwars	Gor fell to the ground in pain and was quickly killed by Fisto via a lightsaber stab to the throat .
poke	Jessie sends Seviper and James Cacnea , the latter holding James by his shoulders .
starwars	He , along with the rest of Storm Squad , fell in battle while unsuccessfully defending the `` Dorin 's Sky '' from Imperial boarders .
poke	Meowth wonders if they should tell Jessie the truth , but James thinks they should abstain from that .
muppet	By the way , I think I ran across some of your videos on YouTube . If thats you in the one with the talking vending machine , I think youre really funny !
muppet	In his autobiography , Dean recalled in detail his feelings towards Rowlf and Henson
poke	Jessie is furious that the Magikarp Salesman swindled them , though James claims things could be worse .
starwars	While Nine spied on the meeting through a hidden camera , the pirates agreed to help find the `` Starbreeze '' inside the crashed Republic battleship `` Star of Coruscant '' in exchange for getting part of the salvaged valuables .
poke	Jessie wonders if they are near the end of the forest , but Meowth reminds her if they were , they would n't be wandering aimlessly .
muppet	The Muppets also sang `` Hey a Movie ! '' at the start of The Muppets Go to the Movies , and in Muppets on Location Days of Swine and Roses . An instrumental version of this song was also used as the theme for initial episodes of From the Statler
muppet	By the way , I looked at your user page , and people have responded to a couple of your open questions . I didnt know if youd seen their answers . --
muppet	Residing in dressing room # 6 at the 6th Street Theater , the melodramatic pig called Detective Elmo to report an atrocity his replacement salt-and-pepper moustache is making him sneeze endlessly , which will ruin his performance . Elmo finds his new moustache is laced with actual pepper . The pig recalls that instead of his regular costumer , The Cube a boxy-fellow dropped it off instead . Since he disappeared just as Elmo arrived , he deduces the culprits still somewhere in the building .
starwars	< poem >
starwars	They have been hidden , and Jabba wants them found…at any cost .
starwars	Chalmun 's Spaceport Cantina had two bartenders : Wuher , who worked the day shift , and Ackmena , who worked at night .
starwars	Rieekan also required that Pakkpekatt report on any substantial developments .
poke	As the heroes arrive to Verdanturf Town , they meet up with Drew , who can not participate in the upcoming Contest , since his Roselia has been defeated by the Phantom and his Dusclops .
muppet	Summer 1996 The show is being pulled off of the Fox Cubhouse , making The Animal Show its own separate series with reruns of the second season , airing not just on Mondays , but also on Tuesdays , Wednesdays , Thursdays , and Fridays . The show itself was nominated for a `` Daytime Emmy for Best Pre-School Childrens Series . ''
poke	The boys who battled Ash come to say he came to challenge Norman and admit he is quite good .
poke	However , more trouble arises as Team Rocket starts cutting the trees and steals the Mudkip in their machine .
poke	Suddenly , they spot some Shroomish , who collected the apples , so they go to take the apples by chasing the Shroomish .
starwars	He was in charge of the delivery of shipments to the Kauron system base .
poke	Jessie is amused by Skitty , so she wants to capture it , but Meowth is n't thrilled , as Skitty would be blasted off every time they encountered the twerps .
muppet	Hi there -- Your comment on Talk Nelson got removed , because it was asking for opinions ... The wiki is really about collecting facts , instead of opinions . So taking your comment out wasnt personal ! I hope you sign in . Let me know if you have any questions !
muppet	The series stars a new Muppet character , Tingo , a multilingual `` international cat . '' Though all of the new footage was filmed in New York New York studios , 30 to 50 percent of Tingos dialogue is dubbed into the native language of the target country . Tingo addresses viewers directly in the region specific language , but all other dialogue is in English . Tingos explanations thus provide a bridge for native speakers to adjust to English . Intended for viewing at Berlitz Language Centers , the variation used the same approach , only with Spanish as Tingos secondary language , and with the aim now being instruction in Spanish for English-only speakers . DVD releases of the series , available in the U.S. , include five available audio languages for Tingos dialogue Spanish , Hmong , Korean , Mandarin Chinese , and Vietnamese . An English only track is included for more advanced ESL students .
starwars	Two days later , Marelle returned the gems and settings to the safe where she had looted them from , baffling investigators .
starwars	The Nosaurians of New Plympto used polearms , among other melee weaons .
poke	After making the mixture , Eliza releases the smell , allowing Skitty begins to feel better already .
muppet	Stern dubs Quico in the animated El Chavo del El Chavo series , Meowth on Pokemon , and Mordecai on The Regular Show , as well as C-3PO and C-3PO on Star Star Wars The Clone Wars , Mike Wazowski in Pixars Monsters Inc and Monsters University , and Woody Woodpecker in the 2017 feature film .
starwars	Along with T7-O1 , the Knight 's first assignment soon spiraled into war as the Sith Lord Darth Angral launched a campaign against the Republic , and the young Jedi played a pivotal role in the conflict by ultimately defeating the Sith in a battle above Tython .
poke	Outside , Grace sends Medicham , who uses Ice Punch with Psychic , spreading the glitter around .
poke	Ash wants to battle him , but the champ insults Ash , claiming he should just go back to his mommy .
poke	Lombre launches Razor Leaf against it , though Torkoal manages to defend itself with Iron Defense .
muppet	`` Rollin , Rollin On '' is sung by the Fraggles as they prepare Gobo Gobo for his journey to find Uncle Traveling Matt in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 111 Catch the Tail by the Catch the Tail by the Tiger . ''
starwars	Killer was friends with `` Engle , '' a fellow clone trooper pilot , whom he provided covering fire for while Engle performed bombing runs on the Separatist fleet .
starwars	The History of the Jedi Knights
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Show clothing page .
starwars	57 BBY/Legends
poke	Meowth claims the machine is electric-proof , but Jessie and James worry if Raikou may be even too strong for this machine .
starwars	Aridinian
muppet	Puppy-Face returned for a gag cameo in the second season episode `` Episode 207 Out of the Mouths of Out of the Mouths of Pups '' along with Meat the Butcher and Screwie Louie .
starwars	In the Hrakert Station on Manaan , Nord is flanked by two Twi'leks , and on Korriban , Nord is backed up by two Sith students from Korriban 's Sith Academy .
starwars	Laurita Tohm was the valedictorian of the Raithal Academy , and thus was given the rank of lieutenant by Gentis himself .
starwars	As the two Jedi attempted to free him , Count Dooku entered the room escorted by two super battle droids to confront the two Jedi .
starwars	Fett was only interested in the job because he knew that if he found Han then he would find his daughter , but after being approached on Corellia by Dur Gejjen 's offer to kill Sal-Solo for one million credits and then Han who wanted to kill Sal-Solo himself , he decided to join forces with him and along with his granddaughter , Mirta Gev to assassinate him .
poke	Dustox uses Poison Sting on Lombre , but Lombre evades the attack and retaliates Water Gun , hitting Dustox .
poke	Ash , Brock and Max go after Skarmory , but encounter two men blocking the path .
muppet	Also , should we disable the embedding of videos on message wall ? The file links section still isnt linking right .
starwars	As chief operations officer , Lal introduced several safety improvements to her Shaketown refinery which was emulated by other Gorsian factories .
poke	Ash , Brock , May and Max yell to get Misty 's attention , since they also took the zeppelin .
poke	Meowth presses a button , causing everyone 's Pokémon to be captured in nets and cages .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Andrew , Aleal 1233 , 20 March 2006
muppet	At a May 22 press conference on the set of `` Jalan Sesama '' - the new Indonesian version of Sesame Street - US Charge dAffaires John Heffern and USAID Mission Director Bill Frej introduced 4 new Indonesian Muppets and marked the first day of production for the show .
starwars	Several `` Arquitens '' -class light cruisers formed part of the fleet that protected Kamino when it was attacked by Grievous and Asajj Ventress .
muppet	Since the film `` Los Muppets '' does not come out until February 2012 , shouldnt this article be title `` Los Muppets
starwars	The Duros Allied Army was a military unit during the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	The character of NB4 was created for the based on the William C. Dietz novella `` '' .
muppet	`` Just Say Ow '' first appeared in the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 214 The Big Blue The Big Blue Housecall '' . Bear sings this to help calm Ojos worries about getting her vaccination . The song is later reprised when Ojo assures her friends that although vaccinations hurt a little , all you have to do is say `` Ow ! '' ... and theyre over !
poke	Max replies they did not hire guides , but Meowth , dressed as a lady , replies this day they will do this job for no charge .
starwars	Mace Towani
muppet	I asked this on Talk `` Garbo '' Garver . What do you know about this `` Garbo Gorilla '' character ? Would what you know be enough to create a page for him by any chance ? -- -- User and Bert Jesse
muppet	The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce announced on June 17 , 2010 that Muppets the Muppets would be receiving a star on the Hollywood “ Wocka Wocka ” Fame
poke	Still , they want to capture Pikachu , so Jessie sends her Seviper , ordering it that when Ash looks in other direction , it will grab Pikachu .
starwars	Before the battle , Ashgad had the planetary cannon `` Bleak Point Station '' —which was under the control of the Oldtimers—destroyed to provide a safe path into space where Getelles 's fleet lay in orbit .
muppet	Labyrinth The Adventure Game is a role playing game based on the 1986 Jim Henson movie Labyrinth . River House plans to release the game in 2020 .
muppet	The Germ appears in the Muppet Labs Muppet sketch in Episode 307 Alice episode 307 of The Muppet Show . When Beaker adds one drop of Dr. Bunsen Bunsens Germ Enlarger to the petri dish holding the deadly Germ , it grows so large that it proceeds , inevitably , to consume Beaker as he tries to make his way backstage . The ever-optimistic Bunsen , however , sees this as an opportunity for Beaker to more easily study the Germ ... and vice versa . Bunsen is similarly amused by Kermit the Kermits concern that the Germ might be contagious .
starwars	Nevertheless , the Emperor discovered Tao 's existence and forced Vader to mortally wound the young boy .
poke	The latter charges with Quick Attack , but Whiscash stops it with its whiskers .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 1417 , 20 March 2009
muppet	Cookie Monster asks a girl the instructions of creating an egg sandwich ; which is by combining - slices of bread , butter , a hard boiled egg , and salt together . Cookie literally follows the instructions by placing the ingredients in his mouth , much to the chagrin of the girl . Video Sesame English Episode 121 Make Me a Make Me a Sandwich , Online Sesamestreet.org 82a65784-154c-11dd-8ea8-a3d2ac25b65b } } , SesameStreets YouTube Channel -3w8sE72wmE } } } }
poke	Brock tells Max will get one in time , just like his younger brother , who is to be in the charge of the Gym .
muppet	From 2003 to 2007 , Orman played basketball for the Marist College Red Foxes ; in 2004 , he was called the `` king of the lay-up line 360-degree dunk '' and star of their practices .
muppet	Balloras other credits as a puppeteer include special effects work on RoboCop 2 .
starwars	He appears in several other supplements for West End Games ' `` '' , though he is never given any game statistics .
starwars	Ezra responds that he wishes it was over but stresses that `` their struggle is not over until they drive the Empire from Lothal and show the galaxy they can be defeated . ''
poke	Rita thinks that the pipes should be replaced with newer ones , though Nicole fears it would be a tough job .
starwars	At some point , Revan encountered an ex-Exchange member and informant , a Twi'lek by the name of Matrik , who was living in a run-down apartment in the Lower City .
poke	May is quite furious , as she blames her enemies for stalling her , for she is could already be in Pacifidlog Town to get ready for her contest .
muppet	In the episodes `` Episode 119 Nerve '' and `` Episode 120 The Hidden The Hidden Memory '' , she has been transferred from Craiss ship to Scorpiuss Gammak Base , were she helped Crichton save Aeryn Sun from the base . She would re-appear in the episode `` Episode 407 John John Quixote '' where Crichton gets trapped in a game world .
starwars	The narrator explains that the Resistance is always looking for new recruits at `` '' .
poke	Before Beautifly can evade , it is hurt by the attack , so May loses some points , for Magical Leaf can not miss its mark .
poke	Ash senses Taillow wants a battle , while Brock believes Taillow wants to prove which challenger is the stronger .
starwars	When the order was given , Barriss Offee was under siege from B-2 battle droids .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Stewart page .
poke	Michelle admits her glasses allow her to communicate with Bagon , as well as to calculate its moves .
starwars	A little knowledge is a dangerous thing , and the secrets Dooku has revealed to Vos may be enough to destroy a Jedi ! ''
muppet	Julianne is also an award-winning actor , singer , voice-over artist , indie-filmmaker , illustrator , and writer . She received a Drama Logue Award and Ovation Nomination for creating the role of `` Inez '' in the musical `` Tight Quarters . '' Her self-produced short film `` Resculpting Venus A Comedy about Breast Cancer '' is a Best Narrative winner . Julianne also voice-matches many stars , looping Angelina Jolie in Mr. and Mrs. Smith , Kate Beckinsale in Click , Joan Cusack in Chicken Little , Halle Barry in Catwoman , Jennifer Lopez in Shall We Dance , Naomie Harris in the Pirates of the Carribean 2 video game , and many others .
starwars	Another was Remel Fud , who relied heavily on his technology to bring down his targets .
muppet	I thought we came up with a system that seemed non-controversial , so I started moving ahead with it -- but now it turns out that there is some disagreement about it , so Im slowing down to make sure that we get everybodys thoughts in there . So , when youre back , come take a look . ) --
starwars	Before his enlistment in the army , Tarpals was originally the leader of a small band of thieves .
starwars	A counterfeiter made counterfeit items , such as forged credits , credcards and/or identification documents .
muppet	O Desafio do Elmo , all dubbed into Portuguese . The shorts were subsequently incorporated into the Brazilian co-production Sésamo Sésamo .
starwars	When they arrived at the settlement , they quickly discovered that it 's inhabitants had been killed by the same mysterious bounty hunter who had been hunting Ania .
starwars	The people of Mos Pelgo gathered in the cantina .
starwars	Dred Priest was a male Human Mandalorian and part of the one hundred training sergeants , known as the `` Cuy'val Dar '' , that bounty hunter Jango Fett selected to help train clone commandos on the planet of Kamino .
starwars	A major turning point in the crisis was the Battle of Antar 4 , which occurred in 22.5 BBY .
poke	Norman tells Ash he 's going to use Slakoth , Vigoroth and Slaking , wishing for a great battle tomorrow .
poke	The taller Max demands Max to change his name , but Max thinks the taller one should change his own instead .
muppet	If ALF replaced John Davidson for one episode , shouldnt that be in the `` Connections '' category ?
poke	Savannah sends Flareon , who uses Fire Spin , then uses Tackle to go through the fire .
starwars	Despite being the most learned of Krayt 's Order in Sith lore and ritual , Wyyrlok was unable to find a way to cure that which afflicted his Master .
starwars	The ground assault had failed , and even though the `` Megador '' had trapped the Hapans earlier , the Home fleet managed to break free .
starwars	Transporting crates of kneebs was part of a lucrative shipping business .
muppet	Abby Cadabby made her debut as a walk-around character in 2007 , first appearing in the stage show Elmo and the Bookaneers at SeaWorld Orlando before joining the line-up of characters at Sesame Place . Other early appearances include the 2007 The White House Easter Egg Roll hosted by Laura Bush and presenting the Good Neighbor Award at Glenville School in Greenwich , Pennsylvania .
poke	Corphish uses Crabhammer , but Ludicolo evades the attack and protects itself against Bubble Beam .
muppet	Its been announced that The Jim Henson Company is developing an animated feature film based on Frog and Toad ; http//www.henson.com/press_releases/2012-06-08.pdf
poke	This surprises Wattson , since Pikachu managed to defeat his Pokémon with one attack - again .
starwars	Revan , an amnesiac Sith Lord , gained this sword when he helped an injured Wookiee avenge his comrades ' deaths at the hands of Mandalorian raiders .
poke	While the heroes walk through the Academy , a man gives them a tour of the Academy , despite Ash willing to battle the Gym Leader .
muppet	Hi , Danny . Im having a problem with the new galleries . Whenever I try to create a new gallery , everything below that gallery gets messed up on the page . Headings appear as==this== , and everything below it is spaced out and broken up into columns . Not sure how to fix this . Justin 0504 , April 17 , 2010
starwars	It was thick , creamy and lime-green .
starwars	`` Trebor Uarrac '' is an anagram of Robert Carrau , author of the non-canonical book `` Monsters and Aliens from George Lucas '' .
starwars	When in lightsaber mode , the weapon had an adjustable blade and could be used in combat .
muppet	`` Occasionally , http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/The_Muppet_Show Muppet Showcharacters such as http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Scooter Scooter , http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Kermit_the_Frog Kermit the Frog and various http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Penguins penguins would drop by in cameos '' The penguins were regulars on the show , living in the basement with the monsters . The concept art features them and theyre introduced before the monsters are . Kermit was in every aired episode , and the Electric Mayhem appeared in more than that one shot , since Floyd and Janice have their own little scene in episode 2 . I fixed this paragraph to be more accurate , and you reverted it .
starwars	Serving as librarians and scholars , the lore gatherers are the longest lived Yvarema next to the Majjvara .
poke	Suddenly , Franklin spots a Wurmple , so May sends Torchic , who attacks Wurmple .
starwars	The C-9969 had a larger landing pedestal than the C-9979 , allowing it to carry 12 MTTs , rather than eleven .
starwars	If the armor 's electronics were still functional , the potentially infected hazard stormtrooper is to initiate an emergency contaminant flush and antibiotic injections .
muppet	Swifty the Cheetah is a guest on The Animal Show . He appears in the episode `` Episode 101 Cheetah
starwars	Meanwhile , a larger fleet of New Republic warships , including five more Mon Calamari Star Cruisers , dropped out of hyperspace to reinforce Ackbar 's crippled task force .
muppet	One of the flowers appeared in Mopatops Shop as Grace the Delphinium , and was also referred to in the episode `` episode 109 Trouble with a Trouble with a Puddle '' as `` a flower called Shelly '' .
starwars	Unlike the High Council , which was essentially a body of the Alliance government serving in an advisory role to the Chief of State , the Masters ' Council was the leading body of the Order , dealing with strictly Jedi matters and autonomous from the Alliance government .
muppet	The Piggy/Rowlf rehearsal in the Danny Kaye was in a rehearsal room , not the canteen . Or did you mean that the canteen set was re-used ? And I think the prairie dogs were in the rehearsal room in the Crystal Gayle ep , but Im not sure . --
muppet	Does anyone know what this sketch is ? Guy Smiley Takes His Audience to Lunch Cameo appearance as audience members when Guy Smiley takes his entire studio audience to lunch . I cant find it anywhere on the wiki . Scott
muppet	File Holiday Spirit to Christmas Broadway Star , Sesame Street Muppets Bring Holiday Spirit to Christmas Concert
poke	May admits , as a `` journalist '' , she had to be first , as she had Silcoon use String Shot to pull her up .
muppet	After seeing Scott post some information on this show , I did some searching and found a link to Loch Ness Productions website , who was very nice to post the whole movie show on their site . http//www.lochnessproductions.com/shows/adler/owos.html Heres the link . Enjoy this show except without the planetarium experience . Big thank you for Loch Ness Production . Steven
poke	Ash offers Torkoal to come with them , which makes Torkoal super happy , knocking Ash out and deciding to come with them .
starwars	The various shredder bat species inhabited diverse climates and ecosystems .
starwars	Speaking with a similar voice as his father 's , Fett allowed few to see his face and even fewer to know his origins , giving the hunter a mysterious aura and a psychological edge over his prey .
muppet	And somebody put http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=Ammdm5DIhvM the whole thing on YouTube ! Its interesting . --
poke	After arriving into town , Ash explains he needs eight Badges to enter the Hoenn League and asks May if she would enter , but she just nervously smiles .
starwars	However , if a second yammosk was present in the battlefield , it was capable of taking over command without any hindrance to the Yuuzhan Vong forces .
muppet	Hey , Chunk ! Great work filling in the Labyrinth and The Dark Crystal pages . After some discussion , it was decided that the single performer template be used for human actors and for voices of cartoon characters Jennifer Connelly } }
starwars	Known modifications included a top-mounted , shielded gun turret for soldiers standing on lookout , mortars bolted to the upper side of the turret , side-mounted six-slot rocket launchers instead of laser cannons , and grenade launcher mounts on the walker 's lower cheeks .
muppet	We could use a better shot of the grayish-blue variation seen in Season 31 and a picture of the light purple version with glasses . Scott
poke	Misty flies off in the zeppelin to Cerulean City , waving goodbye to her friends .
muppet	I thought this picture would be better , since its directly related to the Muppets . Gribbaziggy 0246 , 23 January 2007
poke	The heroes are traveling near a mountain where they use the foggy path as a shortcut .
muppet	Thanks for adding that title card ! Also , just so you know , were trying not to create pages for puppeteers with no known Henson connection , like James Godwin and Frankie Cordero . Though if you do know of any Henson/Muppet credits for them , feel free to let us know !
poke	Treecko starts off with Pound against Grovyle , while Corphish uses Bubble Beam against Slugma .
muppet	Songwriter Paul Williams was interviewed in http//nerdist.nerdistind.libsynpro.com/paul-williams episode # 293 of the Nerdist podcast and spoke in detail about his work with Jim Henson and the Muppets . Williams returned in http//nerdist.nerdistind.libsynpro.com/paul-williams-returns episode # 472 ; he again discussed his Muppet work and performed `` Im Going to Go Back There Someday '' with Hardwick .
muppet	Is there any word about the performer of Uncle Slim in this clip ? it seems like the performer is not even a puppeteer seeing as his mouth hangs open in his cameo , and instead of nodding his head to Big Bird , he sort of shakes his whole body back and forth . Plus , his right hand waves to BB and typically , a puppeteers right hand would be in the puppets head . Is there any word on this ?
starwars	In 1 ABY he had a dispute with Imperial officer Gert Talnin , who owed Tchrr money from a gambling debt .
muppet	Screenings have included Follow That Bird , Muppets from Space , Dog City Dog City , episodes of The StoryTeller , The Dark Crystal , The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland , The Song of the Cloud Forest , episodes of Fraggle Rock , The Muppet Movie , a video collection entitled `` Muppets Musical Moments '' , The Great Muppet Caper , a video collection entitled `` Commercials
muppet	Is the Skeleton in the Elmo Says BOO ! Elmo Says BOO ! video a Muppet skeleton or more like the real skeleton in the Alice Cooper Episode 307 Alice episode ? --
poke	Ash sends his Pikachu to fight , even if Roxanne does not think that 's a good idea .
starwars	Crumb lived in this manner for over a dozen standard years , and henceforth sat beside Jabba to mercilessly tease and imitate captives , amusing his master greatly with his mimicry and laughter .
muppet	Hey you ! I saw your comments about flattening Herrys balls on the talk page for Elmos Balls ... When you start a new conversation on a talk page , make sure you put a talk link on the artice page with this code
muppet	According to a few online reviews I read , the second DVD came with something of a technical problem . When the menu comes up , youre unable to get anything highlighted to play it . They said it only works on old fashioned DVD players , not newer ones . Muppet Central said they notified the company about this problem and they are looking into it . Is that worth stating on this page ? Garrettk41
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1524 , 15 February 2011
muppet	Man , you went to town today with the performer boxes . Its always a nice thing when I look at the Recent changes and I see a big string of Ozzels . -- Danny Toughpigs 2218 , 13 Jan 2006
poke	James and Meowth are very cheerful today , since it is a good day to catch Ash 's Pikachu .
muppet	M ! D Bolo is a Bushman boy from the Kermit the Frog Club sketch in Muppets Tonight Episode 105 Cindy episode 105 .
muppet	February 15 , 1985 Bowies deal is set . Muppet Show on tour opens at Felt Forum - Madison Square Garden .
starwars	Sentinel-class landing craft/Legends
poke	The elderly Treecko then apologizes to the Treecko by waging his tail to the other one .
muppet	Although this sketch abandons the usual formula for Dons new lyrics , one typical detail remains unchanged after Don completes the song , a band pops up in his studio and performs it . ISNorden 1624 , 12 July 2006
poke	A man , named Captain Stern , arrives and greets the boy , Marius , who believes Ash and Max are thieves .
muppet	Looking at the external links to this page . I think the one to that so called fansite should be removed . I say this because the site really is not very good . It is SO BADLY proof-read . The webmaste clearly knows NOTHING about sub-editing . Emma 2130 , May 15 , 2011
starwars	Not allowing him to enter , Skywalker was forced to battle them in a TX-130 Saber-class fighter tank .
poke	Brock believes as long as Pikachu is with Ash , they are fine , promising they could search for them after they would eat their dessert .
poke	Max then notices a Poliwag hiding and soon the gang meets Roxanne , teacher of the Pokémon Training School and Rustboro Gym Leader .
poke	Team Rocket overhears the conversation and promise to get the treasure from the mountain and give it to the boss .
starwars	The Child is seated beside his lap .
muppet	Matt Jones , of Boston , Massachusetts , has a BFA in theatre from the University of Bridgeport , Connecticut . He has also toured with My Little Pony in 2007 .
starwars	When Minister Tua informed her that Governor Sanz of Kintoni was planning to expand her planet 's military-grade landing and maintenance facilities , Pryce regarded Kintoni 's activities as a threat to her ambitions to establish Lothal as the main Imperial naval base and center in that part of the Outer Rim Territories .
muppet	Spike ’ s mum is the Chief Doozer of Doozer Creek and his little sister is Daisy Wheel .
poke	Max is glad to see this awesome battle , while May wants to know what a surprise Manectric is holding .
poke	The older woman points out the woman , Victoria , has seen them while she was farming with her Camerupt .
starwars	An exact date is not provided for the battle , and it only illustrates the battle on the galactic map rather than in prose .
muppet	Hey Joe , where did you find the image of Jim and Kermit filming Muppets at WDW ? Wozza 1659 , August 28 , 2010
starwars	Brak was one of the bodyguards of Prince Isolder during the time of the Second Galactic Civil War and was n't fond of Jedi like many other Hapans .
starwars	After conversing with the droid , he said that he was originally programmed to kill Jedi , but his Sith programmers made his cognitive systems more independent than they desired .
poke	Sullivan throws the Master Ball , but Nero devours the Ball , much to everyone 's shock , and goes back into the lake .
poke	As Team Rocket sees their enemies , Jessie is confident she and Dustox will win , while a boy sees them from afar .
poke	Ash reports to Prof. Oak via the computer in a Pokémon Center , who is surprised and delighted to hear about Ash 's eight badges .
poke	Officer Jenny 's Tangela , Meganium and Parasect , along with Ash 's Pikachu , attack .
starwars	Thrass felt this would ultimately do him more harm than good .
muppet	A new Muppet movie , titled The Muppets , is presently in post-production by the Walt Disney Walt Disney Pictures . The script was written by Jason Segel and Nick Stoller , the writer-director team behind the 2008 film Forgetting Sarah Marshall . James Bobin , co-creator of the HBO series Flight of the Conchords , is directing the film and Bret McKenzie , co-star of Flight of the Conchords , has written the films songs .
starwars	His memoirs , which mentioned Lesia , were recorded in the 2,453th volume of the Royal Archives of Naboo .
poke	Snorunt gives Ash all its apples and takes his hat , making the latter believe the former tricked him again .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1338 , 5 July 2011
starwars	The Trandoshans already had slave camps on Kashyyyk where they held Wookiees captive .
muppet	Hes a good friend of mine
starwars	Naboo Resistance base
starwars	In 1.5 ABY , a group of Humans that hated aliens threatened Ruwahurr and the ambassador 's people .
muppet	I saw your note on Steves page about V-me . I didnt know if you knew this , but I think V-me is going to be a free digital channel
muppet	The puppet was originally used as Guffrey the Vulture in Episode 112 Sea Otter
starwars	During the uprising , the pirates opened the holding cells holding the slaves ' families to zero-gravity vacuum , intending to punish the slaves for rebelling .
poke	They all decide to help her clean the gym , and Flannery prays for her grandpa watching over her .
muppet	Hall , a seventh generation Chinese-The United States of American , later wrote several historical and occasionally fictional works about Chinatown and Chinese immigrants in the US , including Diamond Street The Story of the Little Town With the Big Red Light District , and Tea That Burns . His final writing was the posthumously published childrens book Henry and the Kite Demons .
starwars	Projecting twin energy blades from his forearms , he was capable of engaging Darth Vader , a master lightsaber duelist in combat .
poke	Mudkip uses Water Gun , but Zigzagoon evades and tackles Mudkip , knocking it away .
poke	Hansen takes the Togepi , while Team Rocket congratulates on him , seeing he will be crowned soon enough .
starwars	While on route , the party came across a Jedi Master of the old order named Celeste Morne .
poke	However , Tate 's Solrock uses Confusion , making them levitate , for Corphish untied Max and Tate .
muppet	Since March 2008 the attraction , in its original shot English form , is also showing at SeaWorld , California , but has been renamed `` Lights , Camera , Imagination ! '' for US-audiences
poke	Much to the heroes ' surprise , the villagers start coming out of their houses and pray to Lombre and start cursing a Solrock , believing it is the reason for the local drought .
muppet	In a Sesame Street sketch , `` Grover Sketches Grovers Monster Workout Video '' , one of Grovers exercise assistants is also named Sissy .
starwars	In 10 BBY , it took part in a slave uprising in the mines led by the droid L3-37 .
muppet	Loken starred on the the Sci Fi series Painkiller Jane and played T-X in the movie The Terminator 3 Rise of the Machines . She also recurred on Unhappily Ever After , and appeared in minor roles on Law
poke	Team Rocket arrives as well , hoping to steal some of the inventions and give it to the boss for a promotion .
muppet	Thank you very much ! I will turn you into an admin Fred
poke	Seeing the captured Pokémon , Poochyena gains courage , using Bite and setting itself and other Pokémon free .
poke	Just as Shelly reports the success , a man appears , being impressed of Shelly 's capabilities .
starwars	During their trek , they are met by Tusken Raiders , who are quickly dispatched by Stonefield .
starwars	Base Tekar was an Imperial military installation on the planet Derilyn .
muppet	Inventors and Creators Jim Henson is a 48-page biography written for children . The book contains 19 color and 2 black-and-white photographs . Although the book does contain well-researched facts , it also contains some errors .
muppet	To reply on a talk page , write your message under the person that youre responding to , so that people can read it like a conversation . The exception is when youre starting a new conversation with a heading , like Im doing here . When youre replying , you should indent your response by adding a at the beginning of a line .
starwars	During Imperial control , certain routes were established within the Kuat Traffic Zone , restricting four systems to access a passenger port at Kuat , four systems to access a freight port , and four unknown systems that could access an Imperial port .
poke	However , Brock convinces Mudkip , who is happy to go with Brock as its new friend .
poke	May does not know , but Max decides not to tell , otherwise he 'd give Ash an advantage , which annoys Ash .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2118 , April 30 , 2010
poke	Pikachu , May and Max can not see what is about to happen , but Ash orders Swellow to use Quick Attack and to dive down .
muppet	Flechtner has been the primary German voice of Ben Affleck since 2001 , in addition to dubbing Timothy Olyphant in several movies . He also dubbed Ian Ziering in the Sharknado franchise , Jason Lee in the Alvin and the Chipmunks movies , Matthew Fox on Lost , John Barrowman on Doctor Torchwood and various DC Comics series , and Marc Blucas on Buffy the Vampire Slayer . Cartoon roles include Lupin III in the anime series , Papa on Pinky Dinky Doo , and Jonah Hex and others on Batman The Brave and the Bold .
starwars	A Volduuk crystal was a type of rare crystal known to the Bith .
poke	He , along with Samurai , Ash , and Brock , make plans to find the Hidden Village , where powerful wild Pokémon supposedly live .
poke	The heroes see they just encountered Team Rocket , who promptly recites their motto .
muppet	Sometimes the baby will simply stare blankly . Often , they seem captivated by Elmo and will attempt to grab his fur . The baby is usually completely baffled by Elmos requests ; in the `` Elmos World Balls '' episode , for example , the baby simply sits and lets the ball fall on the floor .
starwars	Battles between the Mandalorians and Jedi dated back to the time of the Mandalorian crusaders .
poke	The Treecko plants the seed and bids farewell , along with the heroes , the Treecko group .
starwars	At this point , Han Solo , Princess Leia , and an unwilling Sana Starros joined the rescue effort .
muppet	There are a lot more Emmy Awards appearances that could be listed here ... If anyone has old tapes , or can find more references on the web , that would be helpful . Thanks ! --
muppet	His film highlights include Alfie , A Bridge Too Far , The Poseidon Beyond the Poseidon Adventure , Jaws The Revenge , Deathtrap , Noises Off , Dirty Rotten Scoundrels , Batman Begins and its sequels .
starwars	This article assumes the Rogues skipped it and went to the hovertrain .
muppet	Hey , Joe ! This was on The Moon article credited to Bert and Ernies Great Adventures . I dont see anything on that page about the moon -- do you remember what episode it was ? The image looks like a magazine scan -- could it have been a print adaptation ?
muppet	Hi , Henrik -- I really like the Sesam Stasjon pictures you added today ! Its good to see what those characters look like . Thanks for posting your name ; I added you to the Community portal list . --
starwars	Descent ( episode )
starwars	However , the Prophets splintered as a result of their closeness to Palpatine , with some remaining loyal to him and the Empire and others joining Kadann on Bosthirda .
muppet	So I guess those are the original credits ; I dont know if anybody is credited for the slightly altered grouch lyrics . Anyway , Im putting that out there if anybody cares . --
starwars	Ronen Tagge had a penthouse in Canto Bight where he would hold parties .
starwars	Landru City was the capital of Danteel , the sector capital of the Emmo sector in the Core Worlds .
poke	The other Max claims this would n't have happened if he traveled with Surskit , since he did see how fun it could be .
poke	Corphish attacks with BubbleBeam , but Seviper dodges and goes to Wrap Corphish , but the latter avoids it .
starwars	In 1995 , Bast was first identified as `` Chief Bast '' in the `` Star Wars '' Customizable Card Game `` Premiere Limited '' expansion set .
starwars	The recording explains that Mandalorian government has been preparing for any possible confrontation with Death Watch and the reason why they can not ask for Republic support with the situation being so fragile .
poke	Keanu promises to battle Ash once he gets stronger , amusing May how new rivalries can spout out .
starwars	Ash Jarvee was created by Karen Traviss , and she appeared in the 2009 novel `` '' .
poke	Furthermore , the first byte of a player 's name has no effect on what wild Pokémon appear .
muppet	Beginning with Episode 101 Pig Girls Dont the pilot , she is dating Fozzie Bear , and introduces him to her parents for the first time . Holly and Carl have a hard time understanding how the relationship can work , questioning how theyll raise their children . In `` Episode 108 Too Hot to Too Hot to Handler '' , Fozzie reveals that their relationship is Fozzies longest by twelve weeks .
poke	Later , Ash makes it to Pokémon Center ; Nurse Joy treated Corphish , so everything will be okay , but wonders why Corphish ate the rope .
muppet	Letterman has also made guest cameos on Murphy Brown , Seinfeld , The Dana Carvey Show , The Nanny , and the Andy Kaufman biopic Man on the Moon . He hosted the Academy 67th Annual Academy Awards and appeared as one of the stars in Night of 100 Stars . Letterman appeared in an episode of Hollywood Squares in the 1970s that also featured Big Bird .
starwars	Many years later , having never lost sight of these suspicions , Sidious ( now the newly elected Supreme Chancellor of the Republic ) murdered Plagueis in his sleep , having plied his master with intoxicants on the pretext of celebrating his new chancellorship .
poke	However , being distracted , Jessie sees Pikachu using Thunderbolt , then Quick Attack to hit Seviper .
muppet	This was meant to have been one of many volumes of books filled with poetry based on the Muppets , however sales of this title did not meet expectations and a contract with Prelutsky was cancelled .
starwars	Porm was a male Sedrian from the planet Sedri alive during the Galactic Civil War .
muppet	The Doozers is an upcoming computer animated television series featuring the Doozers of Fraggle Rock . Starring four young Doozers , the series takes place in Doozer Creek , a self-sustainable community located just beyond the view of humans . The series focuses on cooperation , teamwork , inventing , technology , and eco-consciousness . It will begin broadcasting in Europe in 2013 .
starwars	Skywalker spearheaded the Ossus Project , designed to rehabilitate the Yuuzhan Vong 's public image by having them restore war-torn worlds , but the biotechnological experiment was sabotaged , provoking war in 127 ABY between the Fel Empire—joined by the One Sith—and the Galactic Alliance and Jedi with them .
muppet	The characters name and occupation are a reference to the noted opera soprano Wikipedia Renata Scotto .
poke	Pelipper flies to attack , though Team Rocket puts special outfits on to protect themselves .
poke	Birch drives away , claiming his friend lives in here , though Ash , Pikachu and Brock are terrified , since they are on rocks and not on an actual road .
muppet	Greece is a country in Europe and one of the greatest contributors to world culture . It gave the world democracy , the Olympic Games , and Western philosophy . Alexander the Great , one of historys most famous conquerors , ruled Greece by inheritance during the 4th century BC and went on to conquer the Persian empire .
starwars	Despite Urhal 's reservations due to the fact that the landers had no hyperdrives and could not escape the system with Windu without a carrier ship , the commander ordered the landers to deploy and had the `` Halleck '' jump to hyperspace and the safety of Republic territory .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1930 , 10 April 2011
muppet	OConnors letter is about setting up `` Sesame Street Viewing Centers '' `` For 30 to 60 minutes after each days program they play and do activities that help them to learn the lessons they taught on the show . How do you set up a viewing center ? Its easy . Its location might be your living room , or one of a number of places in your neighborhood such as an empty store front , a school room , a church recreation room ... You might want to ask a local organization or business to donate materials . Be creative ! Use pillows , place mats and cardboard boxes as furniture . Plastic bottles , egg cartons and milk cartons can become blocks and toys . Borrow childrens books and records from your public library . Decorate the walls with the childrens art work and posters from the Sesame Street Magazine . Parents , retired persons , high school and college students make excellent volunteer teachers . ''
muppet	Also , why should the Playhouse Video tapes have `` Playhouse Video '' in the title ? We dont call other stuff `` Buena Vista Home Video Muppets on Wheels '' . --
muppet	Scott and I have been having a debate over at User talk Scarecroe over article titles . Scott seems to strongly disapprove of combining a description with a character name for disambiguation purposes , as with Dorothy the Goldfish and Gladys
poke	On December 17 , 2008 , 4Kids Entertainment announced that it is laying off about 15 % of its workforce due to the worsening economic environment , and financial situation at the company .
starwars	CoMar Combat Systems was first mentioned in the `` Imperial Sourcebook '' by Greg Gorden which was a supplementary book released in 1989 for the `` Star Wars Legends '' `` '' by West End Games .
starwars	It somehow traveled to the planet Adarlon where it became attached to Glow Dome co-owner Kandria A'Daasha .
starwars	Distilon was mentioned in `` Rendezvous Point , '' a short story written by Jason Fry and published in `` '' in 2020 .
poke	Ash , May and Roxanne are pleased , since this allows the group to become good friends .
muppet	While were discussing this , where should the Jimmy Dean parent category go ? It was uncategorized . The show page is in -Henson TV Shows , and while we dont usually put a category and article within another category altogether , it might be the best place for it .
poke	Ash tries to eat the last one , but is warned by Nicole Tamato Berries are quite spicy and are used to feed Pokémon and give different kinds of effects .
starwars	The droid was still operating when Solo returned over a decade later , though was destroyed in a firefight between his master and a group of bounty hunters .
poke	Chaz 's Venomoth gets 29.5 points , making Ash displeased he could n't arrive in time to see the performance .
starwars	Over time , the Resistance became better organized and began conducting active operations ranging from intelligence gathering to small hit and fade strikes .
muppet	Kieran OBrien is a British actor who began as a juvenile performer and played Matt Banting in The Jim Henson Hour episode `` Episode 106 Monster Monster Maker . '' He later played Actor in the Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop-effects TV movie Jason and the Argonauts .
starwars	Ord Pardron
poke	The heroes see a sign for the Banana Slakoth Garden , a theme park , named after the bananas the owner grows near the Slakoth .
poke	Anthony and May arrive to the battle , the former admitting it was all his fault .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1938 , September 3 , 2009
starwars	Thrawn was escorted back to his shuttle by Jinzler .
muppet	Basically , I was tired of seeing your announcements that you were leaving and returning . Youve added to a few things , but most of your contributions are about your comings and goings . I got sick of hearing about it . -- Danny Toughpigs 0951 , 19 April 2006
starwars	In April 2012 , the character was featured in the of `` '' .
muppet	Ann Hollowood .
poke	Still , it repeats the attack , with more power , but less control , as it nearly froze Ash and Pikachu .
starwars	Poe tells Kaz to do a `` big '' now and they fly over their pursuers .
muppet	Articulation Neck , ball joint shoulders , biceps , elbows , wrists , waist , hips
starwars	Trinnolt Makken was a Human male born prior to 32 BBY .
starwars	Other members of the merchant 's species were depicted in a flashback panel in , where their name , `` Krozurbians , '' as well as the outcome of the merchant 's purchase from Zorneth was established .
poke	Jessie continues yelling , pointing out the Shroomish had tons of apples , which were n't even good .
muppet	Read Around Sesame Street is a 2014 Sesame Street book , collecting five Step Into Reading Step 1 stories B is for Books ! ; I Can Do It ! ; Baker , Baker , Cookie Maker ; Elmo Says Achoo ! ; and Monsters Munch Lunch !
starwars	The two continue training and Kanan reminds her to remember the forms that Ezra had taught her .
poke	May brings her Silcoon , remarking Birch how it would evolve into a great Beautifly one day .
poke	Mary 's grandma and the villagers perform the rain dance to attract rain and drive off Solrock .
muppet	`` Then , at last , came the shows ode to its English-language-education roots—a section called English on Street set in a convenience store . Big Bird wants an umeboshi ika manju ... The obliging onî-san ... makes him one and we get the English phrase for the day Tastes bad ! No one bothers to add an It , as in It tastes bad . Who needs a complete , correct English sentence in a Japanized version of Sesame Street ? Tastes bad is repeated in an assortment of very bad accents and then we are given the appropriate translation mazui . That is definitely the taste the show left with me—mazui , mazui , mazui .... Yes , all in all , Id say this show is a giant six-step leap backward for early childhood education in Japan . ''
starwars	Despite their great , intimidating size , the ongun-nur were generally timid creatures .
muppet	The Muppet Theater is the setting for The Muppet Show -- a grand old vaudeville house that has seen better days . In Episode 106 Jim episode 106 , Kermit the Kermit identifies the name of the theater as The Benny Vandergast Memorial Theater , although by the time of Its a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie , it is simply called `` The Muppet Theater . ''
starwars	Rrogon then engaged Druur in a duel of lightsabers and Force powers , but he was killed by the Jedi , who , having fallen to the dark side , drew in power from the Lignan in the cargo bay and used the Force to consume the ship in flames , killing Llerd and everyone else on board .
poke	Some Dugtrio appear , so May , Max and Professor Oak go through Dugtrio 's tunnel .
starwars	The team was led by Doctor Lancer Brunou , a respected archaeologist , and was comprised of scientists , technicians , and soldiers .
starwars	During their argument a Class One Emergency was issued and she promised herself to discuss this more during a picnic .
starwars	The Sith Lords wanted the Separatist leaders to be humiliated by their defeat , and at the same time have Jedi killed in battle .
muppet	This title was released in two editions first there was a `` test-market '' edition in July , and then a `` Special Edition '' with some bonus features added in October .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-01-17T134603
starwars	TIE/sh VIP shuttle
muppet	The tentatively scheduled airdate for the broadcast was April 10 , 1992 . The episode , intended as # Episode 2985 , `` Snuffys Parents Get a Divorce , '' was written by Norman Stiles , and the script was subject to scrutiny by the advisory board and developmental psychologists . The board suggested that the script more heavily emphasize the fact that arguments do not automatically mean divorce . The script was revised , the story was taped , and the completed episode screened before a test audience of sixty children . Dulcy Singer still had her doubts
starwars	Later , his spirit temporarily took control of Luke 's body , allowing him to survive his first duel with Darth Vader on the mist-shrouded planet of Mimban , and even allowed Luke to knock the Dark Lord into a deep pit .
starwars	He knew the time had come to complete the Sith trial of ascendancy ; at the time he did not know if he could actually do it .
poke	The Phantom leaves , surprising Mrs. Grimm , while Ash , Max and May claim the Phantom got away once more .
starwars	When DJ asks for a price , Rose and Finn promise that the Resistance can pay him later .
starwars	However , the station failed to harvest enough gems to keep Damarind Corporation solvent , and the conglomerate went bankrupt eventually .
poke	Suddenly , Misty 's Togepi arrives to see more Togepi , but they seem quite ill and weak .
poke	Ash comes to the audience , while Brock and Max see May should be alert , since Erica is quite a skilled Coordinator .
starwars	Teenage Queen Amidala faces exile !
muppet	Hey babe Is there a place to put this picture and show off the Big Bird `` cameo '' in MTM ? --
poke	While Ash sneezes , the fisherman is amused when Ash wanted to catch Nero , the Whiscash , with his own hands .
starwars	An electromagnetic field receptor was a type of sensor .
muppet	A Muppets Christmas Letters to Santa is an hour-long Christmas special starring the Muppets , which first aired on December 17 , 2008 on NBC .
poke	It is currently the Donphan mating season , which they end up being separated from each other .
poke	Team Rocket appears in the Town as well , so Jessie wants to enter the Contest .
poke	Just as the heroes return to Petalburg City , Ash goes to the Pokémon Center to get ready for his Gym match , where he encounters Norman talking with Nurse Joy .
starwars	He argued that while a vision could show someone a sliver of the future , it could never tell you what role the actors were playing .
muppet	On Friday , September 11 , The Muppets the Muppets made a surprise appearance on the Mark Twain Riverboat during the `` Disney Movie Magic '' arena presentation and it was announced that they were working on a new movie , The Cheapest Muppet Movie Ever Made ! . It has since been set aside in favor of The Muppets The Muppets .
muppet	Hey , I like the use of a cast/crew collage for unaired projects or other concepts where we just dont have footage access , as a way of representing things visually
poke	Team Rocket arrives near the island , seeing there could be supplies and even the twerps .
poke	Team Rocket launch off , but soon find themselves to be stopped by four Baltoy , who use Confusion to on the rocket .
muppet	Hey Scott . One of the many anons we tag with the welcome template just attempted to answer edited the talk there ; the history shows that its happened once before also ; Id guess at least a few people got stymied at the template itself .
starwars	He later presented these findings in a report to his employer Arkadia who justified Calician 's death due to his role as the mastermind who manipulated the twins ' powers .
muppet	But to begin with , lets have a little competition . I have a photo of a guest star that was used more prominently in a later episode of the Muppet Show . I want you to name the guest , name the episode where the photo can be seen and where in the episode you can see the photo . Have fun .
muppet	The current page lists `` Mah-Na Mah-Na '' and Wikipedia uses `` Mah Ná Mah Ná , '' with the accent marks , as it often appears . BMI never tracks punctuation or accents , but for our purpose , moving to `` Mah Na Mah Na '' and taking out the current sentence with hyphens would work . Probably have `` listed on multiple Muppet albums as ... '' for Mahna Mahna .
starwars	Drallig had developed his own unique style of lightsaber combat , calling upon the Force to enhance his speed and relying on unconventional and unpredictable movements .
poke	This makes May and Max happy , who can already taste their mom 's cooking and May can even show her Pokémon she caught .
starwars	After his death , Jango Fett 's legacy was carried on not only by Boba Fett , but also by the millions of clone troopers based on his template .
muppet	Having an article called Uncle Louie
starwars	Han thought that Kyp entered into a form of Jedi meditation , but Mara corrected him saying that Kyp survived by slowing his bodily functions to the point of near-stasis .
poke	The heroes wonder when Ash 's going to stop with hero routine , but Alyssa thinks this is all good , since , one day , Thatcher thought his Pokémon did not need to deserve a trainer like him .
poke	3TrainerPoké is a Glitch Pokémon exclusive to `` Pokémon Yellow '' that can be obtained by trading an 'M ( with hex codice_1 ) from `` Pokémon Red and Blue '' .
starwars	The scheme involved manipulating the Hutts into passing false intelligence to the New Republic ; for Tsavong Lah , it appeared too convoluted .
muppet	Whats left is mostly flotsam , or a few like Ford and Volkswagen , where I know theres appearances by or references to other specific car models or manufacturers , but we can get to that when we have enough . It would basically trim it to a dozen or so as opposed to fifty , and make it easy to locate articles and expand . Thoughts ?
starwars	All that remained was his affinity toward violence , although he could not recall why he had been equipped for such a purpose .
starwars	A humidity sensor was a type of sensor designed to control the level of moisture in the air .
muppet	I put this on the Daily Show page too , but I dont know how likely you are to see it there . The YouTube All Star Alphabet link is wrong . Should be dead link . JuanMotaim 1721 , 31 January 2007
starwars	The Galactic Alliance Department of Education was an organization within the Galactic Alliance .
poke	The trainer chooses Torchic , but Ash tries to persuade her Torchic is the worst choice , naming a lot of bad reasons .
muppet	Playhouse Disney Live on Stage was a 15 minute free show that toured shopping malls . It featured Bear , as well as characters from `` Out of the Box , '' `` PB
muppet	I split off RiffTrax into its own page , where it can grow as big and crazy as it wants to .
muppet	The photos of Cheryl Ladd on the Muppet Show set are promotional photos . I left a note in the edit summary , but you might have missed it . Promos were quite common , and there are many of the floating around . In fact , you can find a lot of them on the episode and guest pages on the wiki .
poke	The heroes believe Taillow stole the sandwiches as they did with the chocolate bar .
poke	Also competing is May 's new rival , Drew , and a young man named Robert who uses a Milotic .
starwars	The Teezl acted as a natural hyperspace communications amplifier , which would have given the Empire instantaneous communications throughout the galaxy .
poke	As the heroes arrive , they see Mr. Briney is not at the house and decide to go to the dock .
poke	May tells Torchic and Wurmple to spin around and dance as she does , but Wurmple and Torchic are not trained properly to do that .
muppet	Hey babe I was just going through some active talk pages , and I saw your page for Computer -- yay , Im glad the Elmos World characters are getting some love . I noticed that the screen capture has black lines on the sides , which is something Ive seen on a bunch of pages recently .
poke	Max and Brock see if May does not calm down , her temper may cost her the battle .
starwars	At this part of the Boonta Eve Classic the podracer Neva Kee vanished .
muppet	Whats the purpose of the list of `` Recently edited pages in this category '' at the top of this category ? If it were a list of recently edited
muppet	Thats all as far as this topic relates to Muppet Wiki , as also goes with other topics whether its Communism or The Bible , where our interest and focus is only how they intersect with the Muppets and not larger discussions appearances in Muppet relevant productions .
muppet	Hi ! Just so you know , theres no identity theft issues , but we do need to know what to call you . Calling you `` TenCents '' is kind of silly . You dont have to use a full name , it can be initials or a shortened nickname
starwars	It seemed that his wish was about to come true with the sudden arrival of Boba Fett .
starwars	Seeking to rescue her parents , Governor Pryce convinced the Imperial Security Bureau that she could accompany Agent Gudry on a mission to disable the insurgents ' shield generator .
muppet	Another CD may be 75517-46834-2 . --
muppet	In a 1998 interview , Jerry Juhl , head writer of the Muppets , discussed a little about the concept of this film on http//www.muppetcentral.com/articles/interviews/juhl1.shtml Muppet Central . `` There was a project for a Muppet movie that we kept returning to . Jim and I worked on it and just loved it . It grew out of the fact that Jim was talking about finances and if we did another Muppet movie at the time , it would need to be done inexpensively , since we were using bigger and bigger budgets for all our other projects . ''
poke	Team Rocket spies again , planning to steal the Pokémon from the Center , by setting a hole .
starwars	Together , they enjoyed numerous adventures , which included freeing the imprisoned souls of Massassi children .
muppet	Plagiarism is difficult to define in a project like this , where most of the information that were posting is from books , websites and other secondary source materials . The best way to define plagiarism may be to use the famous quote from a Supreme Court ruling on pornography `` I know it when I see it . ''
poke	Team Rocket goes to take it , but Venusaur uses Vine Whip and goes to take the Grass Pokémon .
muppet	Sesame Street Presents The Adventures of Kami and Big Bird is an educational outreach program produced for Nigeria by Sesame Workshop . Sesame Workshop partnered with USAID to provide resources about HIV and AIDS to Nigerian children and caregivers . The initiative included five video modules - each containing a mixture of local live action segments introducing Nigerian children from different cities in their environments telling stories about their lives and segments featuring Kami .
starwars	Maul 's mission saw him enter the prison under a pseudonym , where he participated in a series of gladiatorial death matches while attempting to search for Radique .
muppet	File_to_Be_Me_An_Anti-bullying_Discussion_2_What_is_bullying ? |Part 2 What is bullying ?
starwars	Berd Lin
starwars	Skywalker further pressed that killing Sidious in cold blood was not the Jedi way .
muppet	A second show , The Muppet Show on Tour 2nd Edition , was presented in 1985 .
starwars	Lieutenant Karr was an Imperial Navy officer stationed in the Monor system .
starwars	Rulaar was a planet in the Mid Rim 's Senex sector .
poke	Corphish uses Bubblebeam , hitting Team Rocket , then bounces off a branch to go to Poncho and Ludicolo .
muppet	Some are double here .. I think the pages with Enciclopedia Abrete Sesamo de are fault here .. On all Books it says only De La Shall we delete the Pino 1954 , 3 January 2008
starwars	Mandalorian vault
starwars	Dezsetes , meanwhile , was planted aboard the `` Imperial '' -class Star Destroyer `` Mathayus '' , one of the most powerful Star Destroyers in the Imperial Navy .
starwars	Bantha fodder was a type of food eaten by banthas .
starwars	Leia was to climb the Appenza Peak , represent Alderaan in the Apprentice Legislature for junior senators , and undertake charity missions to needy planets .
muppet	`` Due to the frequency with which videos are removed from YouTube , we try to keep links to that site at a minimum . Some exceptions include accounts owned by regular contributors who are keeping an eye on their own links or cases where wiki information is being sourced . We also never link to anything thats commercially available . ''
starwars	Since her defeat on Corellia , Savik refrained from open battle , preferring to delegate field work to her droids or manipulating others into doing her bidding .
muppet	Although the name already appears in the lyrics of `` A Frog He Would A-Wooing Go '' , shes referenced in the song when Rowlf the Dog performs it with Sam the Eagle in The Muppet Show Episode 301 Kris Kristofferson
poke	Ash , Max , Pikachu and their new Shroomish friend head off to find a Pokémon Center .
muppet	The series also included one new guest star , singer Mary Roos , who performed a German version of `` Lean on Me '' with Rowlf the Dog , Animal , and others , in place of the `` In My Life '' number in Episode 121 episode 121 . This was also the only episode to feature a guest stars singing dubbed completely in German , with Twiggys `` Aint Nobodys Business But My Own '' translated . The Muppets solo numbers were always dubbed , but as is common with Muppet Show translations , the guest stars musical sequences were always in English , as were any additional contributions from the Muppets .
starwars	Originally , the light side and dark side endings differed from each other more significantly than in the final game .
muppet	A blue Frackle , was one of the standard Frackles on The Muppet Show . He was first used as Boppity in The Great Santa Claus Switch . His design was changed since Episode 119 Vincent episode 119 . He was later rebuilt in the late 90s for Mopatops Shop .
muppet	Hi Barry ! Its nice to see you here . I added your name to the Community portal . You should check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ to help you get started , and leave a message on my talk page if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1957 , 4 March 2006
poke	Since they do n't have much time , Birch speeds up through the forest , to his lab .
starwars	Maer was a tauntaun handler who developed a unique sign language to communicate with the creatures .
muppet	It was later performed by Billy Crystal , Kermit the Frog and Fozzie Bear in the `` City City Shtickers '' sketch in Episode 103 Billy episode 103 of Muppets Tonight .
muppet	The photos of Fleet and Kermit with the award on the Muppet Show set seem to suggest that they filmed a sketch or something . Has anyone ever seen it ? Scott message me )
poke	< nowiki > ' < /nowiki > M is a name shared by a limited number of glitch Pokémon found in the Generation I Pokémon games .
muppet	Would that be too non-Muppety ?
starwars	While working with the Culoss pirates , Cygni infiltrated the freighter `` Dromedar '' by posing as a new crew member .
starwars	Following the attack on the command center , Jinn decided it was time to take action against the gundarks , and he had the Wookiees train a small army to wipe out the creatures at their nest .
starwars	Once a woodoo mates , the female would generally build a nest and lay the eggs.The nests were made out of scavenged scrap metal , stones , hardened droppings , and desert brush , lined with the woodoo 's own shed feathers .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the talk Talk Pages page .
starwars	TIE fighters and TIE interceptors were deployed from the Imperial Fleet to engage the Rebel fighters and capital ships .
muppet	Feel free to play around on the wiki here -- change your browser size and watch things move around . If you still use Monobook , switch to the Wikia skin for a few minutes just to see whats up . Muppet Wiki is one of a small group of test wikis for the ongoing changes and we want you to really test everything out )
poke	They go to get Snorlax , but even if it is asleep , Snorlax uses Yawn , putting Team Rocket to sleep .
poke	Officer Jenny appears and Brock goes to her to charm her , seeing Jenny 's eyelashes are half a millimeter longer than other Officer Jennys .
muppet	The series is designed as a Western comedy musical with science-fiction and action adventure elements , starring cowboy hero Sam Plenty . Victor Yerrid described Sam Plenty in a 2007 interview as `` a throwback to the old Gene Autry Show '' .
muppet	The Dancing Clown is a marionette puppet that Fozzie Fozzie tries to perform in The Muppet Show , Episode 508 Señor episode 508 . Fozzie enjoys the feeling of power and control that he gets as a puppeteer , but it doesnt last long -- the Clown grabs his strings and pulls Fozzie down to the ground .
starwars	As a military outpost , Ord Antalaha was primarily used for storage and recreational purposes , prompting the construction of thousands of warehouses across the planet .
muppet	From The Ubiquitous Pig , an early alternate logo designed by Michael K. Frith in 1975 . Id like to include it on Pigs in Space , but cant get rid of the overlap from the other image . Help ? --
muppet	Hi , Dave ! Ive reverted your changes to The Merrill Lunch Hungerdunger McCormack All Accountant Marching Society for now . I dont know if you checked the page history , but that poor article has gone through countless moves , and the last general consensus was `` Hungerdunger . '' Do you have any source for suggesting its `` Hungdunga ? '' I dont have Animal Crackers handy , and while IMDb and other sites and articles have Hungerdunger , Filmsite.org has `` Hungadunga . '' Considering how much turmoil that article has gone through , though , if you do find an authoritative source for `` Hungadunga , '' Id suggest mentioning it on the talk page before making any changes .
starwars	Shortly after , members of the Opposition , including the puppeteer , were framed by the Pijali monarchy for several violent attacks on Czerka facilities .
poke	May and Drew step on , with 5 minutes deadline on ; the Coordinator with most points left advances .
starwars	She was also able to defend Doza with hidden blasters built into her shoulders and wrists .
poke	Now he must contend with the rest of his Pokémon , like Luvdisc who used Sweet Kiss to confuse Grovyle .
starwars	Xiono briefly panicked after accidentally causing his friend harm , again accidentally handing him the wrong tool , though Vozo noticed this time and grabbed the correct one .
starwars	Denny Delk ( who voiced Wicket in the second season ) commented on the actors ' recording schedule : `` We usually completed a story in about an hour and a half , unless there was something especially tricky .
muppet	I was actually thinking about making this same page , So Im glad that they did it . And aslong as there is enough information and images to show the differences , then i think it is a good idea ! -- Warrick 0917 , 10 April 2006
muppet	The Tonight Show , 1979 Kermits opening monologue as the guest host of The Tonight Show , with Fozzie Bear coming out on stage to help him get laughs .
muppet	The video was produced as part of The Muppets at YouTube Space LA project and was shot in March 2015 . The video was directed by Kirk Thatcher .
muppet	The ape puppet used for Skreet was previously seen as both Jackie the Jackie and Lawrence the Lawrence the orangutans on Jim Hensons Animal Show and as w-alternative Professor Ape in the companys Puppet Puppet Up ! - Uncensored stage shows .
poke	Max sees Ralts hides away from the man , who represents Gardevoir and Kirlia ( Jessie and Meowth in disguise ) .
poke	Caroline confirms Brock 's words , while Max is glad his father has the control over the field .
starwars	Koobis ( First Jedi Purge )
muppet	The description for `` Song of One '' has been on the page since it was created by User Michael . Has this been included on any commercial releases ? Im curious as to whos actually seen the film -- it appears to be the most rare in fan circles
muppet	This is the wikis 23,000th article . Yay ! -User BRAINULATOR9
muppet	Where did you find the pictures from Baker # 1 without the logo ? Is the set out already ? --
starwars	Ezra adds that Saxon was proud that he had wiped out the Protectors .
poke	Poncho offers him some sandwiches , but Corphish denies , wanting to battle , so Poncho advises Corphish to calm down .
muppet	I DVRd an airing of this from a couple of days ago and noticed the Grover E-Mail from EW was cut . Does anyone know if this was present in the episodes original airing or was just a recent thing
poke	Corphish goes to steal the food , but is stopped by Combusken who glares at it .
starwars	The Strom brothers were seemingly killed when the ship was torn apart by junkers on the outside , while Fett cut his losses and left the vessel and the lost sculpture to be ground into recycled metal by the scavengers .
poke	She tries to unlock the door , but sees it is opened already , even scratched from inside .
starwars	The Phoenix were a political dynasty that existed during the time of the Galactic Republic .
starwars	He demonstrated skill with telepathy numerous times on Kesh ; he was able to determine that Yaru had found something out about their location and also that the Captain had met someone when he returned to camp after checking if `` Omen '' transmitter was working .
muppet	Among the red objects that pass by Big Bird are Mr. Macintosh and his apple cart , parade floats featuring Little Red Riding Hood , a spoof on The Tournament of Roses Parade , Uncle Sam and Santa Claus .
starwars	Icaris Tool and Drive sold parts and industrial intelligence to the Subpro Corporation .
starwars	The Mandalorian soon ambushed Burg from above , who had entered the control room .
poke	As the heroes walk , a man appears before them , saying that here many Water Pokémon live .
starwars	Kaniti
poke	Loudred digs a hole to escape , making Ash , Brock , May and Max relieved it is gone , but they wonder where have their Pokémon gone to .
poke	The group is ambushed by Nuzleaf , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , distracting them .
starwars	The campaign resumed in the south at Bryndar .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 2114 , 8 June 2009
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail on Wurmple , but Torchic attacks Seviper with Peck , albeit with any effect .
poke	Max spots that the water is coming from the rock behind them and soon , the pressure becomes stronger .
muppet	Yamina won the Best Actress Award for Roshni Andhera Roshni at the Lux Style Awards in attr=https//www.facebook.com/Yamina-Peerzada-227706967268866/ Yamina Peerzad on Facebook } }
poke	Max wonders if Mr. Big had won any Contests and is told Mr. Big has three ribbons .
muppet	Global Grover Grover comes back from Paris with a shopping basket . None of the foods he finds wants to get in it , though ! In his film , Lia and her father visit a farmers market and bakery in Paris for food at a French market . Afterwards , the food are in shock and Grover thinks they dont get it and demonstrates by putting himself in the basket . The food then takes Grover in the basket to his grandmas 4085 } }
muppet	Saying X , Y and Z were all similar concepts being worked on by the same people around the same time is fine . But Id be careful not to give the impression that X , Y and Z were all just different names for the same project unless we know for a fact they were .
starwars	While at Niima , Hoogenz wore a green shirt and a mask that covered his face .
starwars	Onway was a Human female major who served in the military forces of House Organa during the Alderaan Civil War .
starwars	Whereas the Eriadu families were content for Delvardus to defend the Eriadu system , his Coreward expansion was a step too far for them , an objective that also lost him support of the Imperial ace pilot Shea Hublin .
muppet	Fred tells Grover that hes facing backward , and if he turns around , hell see Freds head . Grover turns around , and cries out in delight `` Oh , Fred ! Ive missed you ! Oh , its good to see you ! '' Fred says that if he stays turned around , hell be able to see where hes going . Grover tries it , and hes proud that now he knows the difference between front and back . Unfortunately , now his head is resting on the saddle , with his feet in the air .
starwars	Tales of the Jedi : Redemption 4 : The Trials of a Jedi is the fourth issue in the `` '' series of comics .
starwars	Lune Oddo Divinian
muppet	Thank you very much , Scarecroe ! I promise to always answer every message I get . And Ill do whatever you want me to do Ianmhaiki
poke	The heroes gives up , but Mudkip spots a round object , which is actually its own pearl .
starwars	Its members included Senator Jheramahd Greyshade and his cousin , Senator Simon Greyshade , as well as Diedrich Greyshade , a moff of the Commonality .
muppet	A satelite view of the earth is shown on television , while a group of geese decide to fly south .
muppet	The page for Episode 0246 does not mention Cookie Monster , so Im wondering if they replayed the same sketch or if theres a separate sketch where Grover appears by himself . --
starwars	The war club was used against Ben Solo during the battle of Exegol .
muppet	Hi , thanks for your question about YouTube . We use talk pages here as a place to discuss how to improve articles on the wiki . You might find what youre looking for on one of the Muppet message boards available on the internet . Thanks . Scott
poke	Drake gives Ash advice that he should clear his mind from idle thoughts to win .
muppet	The Bailiff Doozer appeared in the fifth season Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 504 The Trial of Cotterpin The Trial of Cotterpin Doozer . ''
muppet	Sesame Street in Primetime Brad Paisley and Kimberly Williams Paisley join the Sesame Street Muppets in Growing Hope Against Hunger , an all-new primetime special addressing the widespread problem of hunger in the U.S . The hour-long television special introduces Lily ( Sesame Lily , a Muppet whose family is dealing with the issue . Growing Hope Against Hunger aired on October 9 , 2011 .
muppet	Any special reason why you changed `` Ö '' to `` O '' in the index for Anders Öjebo ? In the Swedish alphabet `` Ö '' is the last letter . The coresponding letter in Danish and Norwegian `` Ø '' is second last in those Alphabets . User Henrik 1402 , 17 February 2007
poke	Groudon uses Solar Beam , hurting Kyogre and stopping the waves Kyogre tried to summon .
poke	Team Rocket dreams how will they look when they give their boss the Snorlax , as they are still sleeping in the trees .
muppet	Hi ! Our official policy is not to create a page for an episode unless we actually have content for it . Otherwise its worse than a redlink , since it misleads visitors into expecting something to read or see . Clearly youre anxious to find out about these episodes , but creating an empty page wont make that happen . A user with a copy of the episode has to come along and add information . Until then
poke	May catches the two of the frisbee , but the third one is flying towards a boy .
poke	Before the Seviper eats it , Jessie accidentally puts her hair to Seviper 's mouth , causing Seviper to bit it off .
poke	May gets a total of 23.6 , while Vivian asks Mr. Contesta why he gave May a 7.1 , the lowest score of all the judges .
poke	May yells Drew should not 've insulted her Pokémon , but Drew pays no attention , claiming children like the heroes are should not be close to his resort .
muppet	Wow , I Have to Go , Sesame Beginnings Potty Time , and Too Big for Diapers . Who knew Muppet toilet training was such a big issue ? -- Andrew , Aleal 1635 , 21 March 2006
muppet	Hello , Danny ! I noticed in my contributions that some of my release date additions to different Sesame Street Home Video articles have been removed . According to User on Category talk Street Direct-to-Video , there was some sort of rule that we wouldnt provide the full release date in the infobox or anywhere in the article . Is this rule still current , and why do we follow it ? Thanks ,
muppet	According to various sources the snerfs also had round noses instead of the trumpet ones . can anyone tell me about Fuzzyface32 128 , 28 September 2007
starwars	Later that year , it appeared in a vision in the seventy-third issue of the series , .
poke	A woman and a man come , but Brock makes his flirting gesture to the woman , though the Beautifly scolds him by going on his head .
poke	As Timmy wonders what he could do , his mother appears and reminds him not to give up under pressure , for his Dusclops is counting on the victory as Skitty does for May .
starwars	It participated and survived Operation Trinity in the Bilbringi system .
poke	May appears as well , knowing even if Max can be a burden sometimes , he is the only brother he has and loves .
muppet	All of the eBooks until now seem to have been based on real world books , not so with this one . Anyone know if this is an eBook exclusive ? -- Zanimum 1811 , February 19 , 2010
starwars	When the former wreckage-prison finally crashed into Tiferep Major , it devastated the planet , leaving behind nothing but a large crater .
starwars	Mustafarian armor was heat-resistant armor fasioned by the Mustafarians from the discarded shells of lava fleas , worn over a body covering of insulating Kubazian fabric .
starwars	He later decided to arrest Mara Jade when she was revealed as an Emperor 's Hand and possibly implicated in the attack .
poke	The heroes , Pikachu and Team Rocket try to dodge the falling meteors , coming out of Camerupt 's back .
poke	Juan comments while the ice boulder was a creative thing to do , he thinks it was quite a risky move .
poke	Even Lotad ca n't get to shore , so another Mudkip , which soaked May , helps them .
starwars	Sometime before the Clone Wars between the Galactic Republic and Confederacy of Independent Systems , Talzin was forced by the Siniteen pirate Hal'Sted to gift a Nightsister infant to him in exchange for the survival and safety of her tribe .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket is wandering in the snow , with Meowth being angry at the weather .
starwars	A shotgun hypertransceiver was a communications system installed aboard `` Agave '' -class picket ships .
starwars	Beq explains that they will hear a tale after which they will have to work together with their team-mate to locate items from the story that they have just heard .
starwars	A miniature kajidic was an aggrupation of Vodrans , emulating the social structure of their overlords , the Hutts .
muppet	Im going to have to edit your Henson Logo Descriptions page quite a bit . Theres some real information in there , but its covered over with a lot of opinion and speculation . Im not sure that you fully understand how the wiki works . Please respond to this message -- Id like to talk to you about how you view your additions to the wiki . -- Danny Toughpigs 1925 , 6 February 2006
poke	Treecko uses Quick Attack on Grovyle , while Corphish uses Crabhammer on Slugma .
muppet	`` Sorrow and Shame '' is a blues song sung by Mokey Mokey , with Gobo Gobo and Wembley Wembley accompanying her on guitar , in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 204 Reds Sea Reds Sea Monster . '' After angering Red Red by accusing her of exaggerating and then playing a joke on her as she watched for the Last of the Lily Creatures to return , Mokey sings this song about the regret they all feel for their unsupportive behavior , and their wish for Red to come back .
poke	The judges intervene , pointing out where is May 's concern for her Pokémon and that caring for their Pokémon 's health should be the first priority for any trainer before winning a Contest , leaving May shocked that she lost sight of Bulbasaur 's well-being .
muppet	In the initial press release in February 2011 , Sesame Workshops Gary Knell referenced admiration for the museum and their outreach programs
poke	However , May faces Drew , who has the Bluk Berry and claims the last move had some `` art '' .
starwars	They appeared Human , but their facial features bore a vulpine resemblance .
muppet	This appears to be pretty much a cut and paste from Gonzo . So , do we take that off of the page and make this a link , or delete this ? Kermits filmography struck me as a one-off case , and maybe something like Rowlf the Rowlf , where appearances are either so numerous or so diverse
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Show Episodes That Didnt Feature Main Characters page .
poke	A pillar emits electricity , hitting Team Rocket , who are blown near the battlefield .
poke	Spinda runs away and dances , using Teeter Dance to confuse Team Rocket , who goes near the edge of the cliff and falls down .
muppet	Im probably way off on the ones with the question marks , but its just too much fun ! Any ideas about any of these , or any differing guesses from other folks ? —
poke	However , the attack is negated by Lunatone 's Ice Beam , which freezes Solrock .
muppet	For the 2007 version of Vila Sésamo , producers were aware of the impact of the original Garibaldo . They brought the name and personality back , `` as the link between the old and the new '' according to Sesame Workshop producer Mary Tai . The team decided the original blue came across as drab on color sets and so revived Garibaldo as identical to Big Bird .
poke	As Max is about to walk away from this suspicious machine , Jessie and James , while in disguise , come to Max , claiming he saw their secret machine .
starwars	Much to the dismay of Luke Skywalker and the Jedi Council , high-profile images of Jacen and Ben Skywalker leading the Galactic Alliance Guard on their raids began to usher in contentions that the Galactic Alliance was transforming into the Empire once again and that yet another member of the Skywalker bloodline was at the helm .
poke	He hears that Team Rocket has gone with the Starter Pokémon , so they need to after them as well and asks of Joshua to find something that belongs to Oak , May or Max .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1938 , September 11 , 2011
muppet	The song was later used in the `` Episode 116 Tiger
muppet	The Chief Inspector of Scotland Yard appeared in a fantasy sequence in the Muppet Babies episode The Muppet Broadcasting Company . '' While Baby Bunsen and Baby Beaker pretend to be Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson , the pair stumble upon a figure who Sherlock Bunsen assumes to be a burglar . The `` thief '' is , instead , the high ranking police official , having already solved the crime . The outraged inspector , having been felled , tickled , and blown bubbles at , orders the nearest constables to arrest the pair . At this point , Bunsen sagaciously decides not to listen to the next episode of the old-time radio series .
muppet	Other characters have their own unique cultural experiences Oscar the Grouch stumbles upon a Roman and Greek statue display and sings about `` the most beautiful trash '' hes ever seen ; Cookie Monster , reading a booklet entitled `` Food Art , '' sings the title song about museum etiquette ; Grover sings to a suit of Maximillian armor ; and Bert and Ernie examine a Washington Crossing the portrait of George Washington .
muppet	It also was used in Episode 108 Rattlesnake
muppet	Many of the specials featured on the series , such as all of The StoryTeller episodes , `` Dog City The Dog City , '' `` The Song of the Cloud Forest and Other Earth Song of the Cloud Forest , '' '' Monster Maker , '' and `` Lighthouse Island '' have received home video release on DVD , digital download , video-on-demand , or other formats . Internationally , `` Miss Piggys Hollywood '' was released on a Portuguese DVD and `` Dog City '' and `` Monster Maker '' were released in Japan on laserdisc by KSS Films .
muppet	The 2 segments in question are a cartoon at 3928 , and a dubbed Muppet skit at 5411 . Do you know if the cartoon was made for our Sesame Street , or was it made for Plaza Sesamo , and then put back into our show ? Im guessing there isnt an English version , because the words wouldnt start with the same letter . Similarly , when we had dubbed Muppet skits , did we do our own dubbing , or was that the Plaza Sesamo version ? Ive been wondering what the agreement was on the co-productions , where Spanish stuff that was not US-made could be used on our show . I remember that a bunch of Speech Balloons were always shown both ways , or a skit with a song . The one I remember the most being shown both ways was where this AM girl was showing that the number 11 was the same upside down , and then the whole set rotated upside down . English is http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uZJtFoLETB0 here , and Spanish is http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nteNTbodViY here . I love this stuff !
muppet	I notice after watching The Cosby Show , `` Cliffs Nightmare , '' after Beautiful Day Monster
muppet	Hey , Dean ! Ive seen The American Revolution clip recently , and theres nothing in the dialogue or context to suggest that Elmo is supposed to be James Madison . Whats your source ? I did take the liberty of specifying that , by implication , Herry Monster is John Hancock , in terms of his role as president of the Continental Congress , but Elmo could have been intended to be any number of founding fathers . Or do you have a direct source or script notes that specify ? -- Andrew , Aleal 2359 , 30 March 2006
muppet	Two of the most prominent Character Muppet character types , the rats and the chickens , were first created for this special .
muppet	Sal demonstrates his Boneology skills on Kermit . He tells Kermit to think about pretty butterflies flying by . Kermit nervously tries `` Yeah , butterflies . '' Then Yaaaaaah ! ! ! Sal breaks Kermits neck , and Kermits head flops around uselessly on his neck .
muppet	Two DVDs of the show , The Bug Club and Change Happens , were released in August 2009
muppet	Im a bit unsure on the current titles for the guides , now that Ive discovered that they dont reset the episode numbers for the second season , so they started with episode 22 . However they still use titles for the episodes . So what format should be used ? The current one Afsnit 121 Elmo leger gemmeleg , Afsnit 201 Elmos æg or change it to the standard Afsnit 021 , Afsnit 022 and then put the title in the info box . Henrik
muppet	I pop by quite frequently , I just dont always have all that much to report ) Very excited to find out what this book is all about , seems like theyre trying to create some hype around the Fraggles these days , what with the upcoming movie , the CD boxset Hope the book is something along the lines of Of Muppets And Men , that would be awesome !
poke	The heroes demand to know who these men are , so Team Rocket takes off the disguises .
poke	Misty shows them an invitation to Togepi Festival , where trainers and their Togepi gather in the hotel they are standing close to .
muppet	The puppet used for Bossy has been Recycled recycled as other cows , such as Kathleen the Kathleen , Murray for the `` Law
muppet	Mr . Powers says his only recourse is to find another publisher , and he has instructed his literary agent , Geri Thoma , to begin looking for one .
muppet	I have found this article from the BBFC website about the movie and thought someone may find this useful , Hope this help
muppet	Felix Williamson is an Australian actor who played Prince Clavor in the Farscape `` Look at the Princess '' trilogy `` Episode 211 Look at the Princess The Maltese The Maltese Crichton . '' Williamson also played Nick Carlson , Eddies dad , on the The Jim Henson Henson Company and Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop television series Me and My Monsters .
muppet	Theres more tips on the Muppet Wiki FAQ page . Let me know if theres anything I can help you with !
poke	The heroes are glad the Gulpin are gone , but Jenny is certain they will return .
poke	Meowth translates the elder one 's warning - the huge tree will die , even if the younger one stays and will be alone .
muppet	The characters Character birthday is March 1st .
poke	Brock thinks that the largest one should be battled , as it is the Sharpedo 's leader ; once the leader is out , Brock believes the rest would follow their orders .
muppet	Captain Blueboar is a pirate pig who appears in Episode 412 Phyllis episode 412 of The Muppet Show .
poke	Jessie and James are sad they could n't capture them , but Meowth reminds them the Vibrava are part Dragon-type , so it means they are quite worth .
starwars	The massacre was mentioned in Jin-Rio 's Character Folio included with Fantasy Flight Games ' 2014 roleplaying game `` '' .
starwars	The 501st Legion , the stormtrooper division he led in the extermination of the Jedi at the Jedi Temple , became his personal guard .
starwars	Since the death of Prince Xizor during a skirmish on Coruscant in 3 ABY , the crime syndicate Black Sun had fallen from its old glory through infighting and had been keeping a low profile for decades .
starwars	According to the game 's assistant producer , Chris Lee , the creation of Teska 's character was a collaborative effort between Krome Studios , LucasArts , and Lucasfilm Animation and was aimed at creating a unique and intriguing new villain for `` The Clone Wars '' universe .
starwars	All of this information was false , meant only to scare the Mandalorians out of attacking Zongorlu .
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1851 , 5 February 2006
poke	Max admits one day , he will obtain his own Pokémon and become a Gym Leader , an idea , which the taller Max finds interesting .
muppet	A music video appeared on Dinosaurs , closing out the third season episode `` Episode 305 Little Boy Little Boy Boo '' as a stand-alone segment . Baby interrupts the DTV host in order to perform his own number . He sings his own praises and explains why it is compulsory to love the baby . A dinosaur rock band provides back up , and the rest of the Sinclair Family appear fleetingly . Also featured is a caveman guitar group reminiscent of ZZ Top .
starwars	Around the same time , the Blarina Naka Iit and Ohn Gos worked as a scavenger and a merchant respectively on the desert planet Jakku , and aided the Resistance pilot Poe Dameron in getting off the planet .
starwars	It was determined that the Rebellion could withstand the loss of either High Command or its fleet , but not both .
starwars	Kanan told his rebel companions to get the fuel `` quietly with no complications . ''
starwars	Former Imperial soldiers who had been on the planet at the time assisted in the relief operations , discarding their weapons and joining the volunteer forces .
poke	Jessie sends Seviper , Ash Torkoal and James Cacnea ( the latter hugging James ) .
starwars	The New Republic Campaign : The Battle for Endor from the PCs ' Perspective was a roleplaying game supplement written by Bill Slavicsek and published in `` Polyhedron 90 '' in December 1993 .
poke	This time , Corphish hits Torkoal on the side of its shell , causing Torkoal to spin and making it dizzy .
poke	Thatcher guides everyone through the village , while Alyssa apologizes for his behavior , though May feels the same way about her `` naughty brother '' .
starwars	Remember Alderaan ( Star Cruiser )
poke	Team Rocket is pleased they caught their foes , but see Pikachu and their other foe are not here .
starwars	Hasti Troujow was a young Human female considered beautiful by many .
starwars	`` Enin'sd '' is spelled backwards , a reference .
muppet	By Season 2 , the universe of Fraggle Rock is well established , and different kinds of stories can begin to be told . The Trash Heap is moved to the other side of the Gorgs Garden in `` Episode 203 The Trash Heap Doesnt Live Here The Trash Heap Doesnt Live Here Anymore . '' `` Episode 206 Boobers Boobers Dream '' introduces Sidebottom , the other side of Boobers personality . In `` Episode 208 All Work and All All Work and All Play , '' Red befriends Cotterpin , the first fully developed Doozer character . Gobo befriends Sprocket in `` Episode 210 A Friend in A Friend in Need , '' and Red and Mokey move in together in `` Episode 220 A Cave of Ones A Cave of Ones Own . ''
starwars	After Senator Amidala delivered a speech against the bill to increase the number of clone troopers , Palpatine sat in his darken office looking out the window .
poke	However , the river is so powerful it destroys the bridge and Pikachu falls down .
poke	Clamperl 's shell opens , so Meowth tickles it more , but his tail is being closed , along with the shell .
muppet	Zoidberg attempts to cure Fry of several ailments including `` Simpsons Jaundice '' , Garfield Syndrome and Muppet Gangrene `` Bein Its not easy being gangrenous . ''
muppet	Did Jim Henson perform the house or Jerry Julh ? -- User Big V 1506 , 23 April 2006
starwars	Peth-class Shuttle
muppet	I think its possible that thats a joke -- theyre calling it `` the greatest Muppet movie of all time '' in conversation , but thats not actually the working title thats written on the script . --
poke	Without telling anyone , he goes off in search of Nicholai to defend his father 's honor—but what will happen when he gets in trouble with a pack of angry Zigzagoon ?
muppet	Recently .
muppet	And we wouldnt separate `` Video '' and `` DVD '' in the Releases section anyway .
muppet	p. 133 `` Bob , Ray and Ed had decided it would be wise to produce some campaigns without B
starwars	With the stakes clear , Jerec gave the others his demands : Tell him the location of the valley and be granted a merciful death , or suffer .
muppet	I love an image of SherlockHemlock and wanted to add an iPad to it . My goal is to use it in a school presentation that I want to post on the web . Can you please help me properly cite the source and give me advice on how I get permission to modify the image . Its just such a super cute image , I thought it was worth trying to use it properly . Thanks in advance for any help . Thanks , SherlockHemlockiPad
starwars	Lok Durd/Legends
muppet	Sesame Street producer Arlene Sherman recalled how the shorts came about
poke	After the battle , Brock saved one bag with the potions , but May does not see Skitty , thinking that Team Rocket took it .
starwars	When Jabba was given his `` beloved '' pet rancor , Kwerve got the pleasure of being the monster 's first public feast , with Fortuna becoming Jabba 's new majordomo by default .
muppet	Can these transcripts of Kevin and Carolls speeches be posted in the article ? They should be 98 % accurate , the only things I did was remove a repeated word or two from Kevins speech , when he was interrupted by audience reaction . -- Zanimum 1527 , 18 June 2007
poke	Still , he thinks Drake respects Ash as a strong trainer , else he would n't invite him to the ship .
starwars	A number of natives existed on the planet , using crude wooden spears and tools .
starwars	If the Jedi Knight fell to the Dark Side , they will encounter Jedi Master Bela Kiwiiks instead , while the other classes face antagonists from their own class stories .
starwars	At that time , the Senator was lobbying for a BoSS office to be opened in order to give a sense of security to potential traders and thus expand Naboo 's interstellar economy .
starwars	Gout and Ventress then initiated a counter-attack , and kidnapped Major Kendal Ozzel , Commander CC-3636 , and several other clone troopers .
poke	Joy explains the legend states when someone in love sees Illumise and Volbeat dancing , they are blessed with luck .
poke	May is glad Beautifly has succeeded , knowing for sure she will win the next Contest .
muppet	MacDonald recurred on the sci-fi comedy Red Dwarf as Captain Frank Hollister , and also guest starred on French and Saunders , Murder City , and P.G . Jeeves and Wooster . Film credits include supporting roles and bit parts , often as soldiers , policemen , or thugs , in Death Wish 3 , Aliens , Superman IV The Quest for Peace , Batman , The Fifth Element , and Flyboys .
poke	Team Rocket goes away in their balloon ; the boy 's sister comes and , shocked to see her brother , Thatcher , captured , she unties him .
poke	The battle continues , with Pikachu attacking Solrock with Thunderbolt , but Lunatone uses Light Screen to deflect the attack back to Pikachu .
starwars	The starship first appeared unidentified in `` Nomad Droids , '' the sixth episode of of the animated series that had aired on October 14 , 2011 .
muppet	Was the swamp shot filmed by the Muppet Movie team , or was it itself B-roll purchased from somewhere else ?
starwars	Most troopers were armed with blaster rifles , stun batons , missile launchers and thermal grenades .
poke	Bagon comes at the top and descends down , so Taillow stops itself , in time from getting hurt .
poke	Pikachu uses Quick Attack , but Michelle 's calculations causes Bagon to position itself for Pikachu to attack its head , so the attack is deflected .
starwars	In addition to its headquarters , the New Republic Scout Service had frontier posts established on almost five thousand worlds , though many were tiny and mostly automated .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 0504 , 12 March 2006
starwars	The Maryo system was a star system located within the Corporate Sector .
poke	Roxanne states Ash was a finalist of the Johto League and Brock was a Gym leader of Pewter City .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0208 , November 30 , 2009
poke	The Solrock dances as well , but Mary 's grandma thinks it is a curse , so the villagers go to attack it .
muppet	I dont think this counts as part of the Celebrities category . Reynolds didnt actually do anything associated with the Muppets . A British kids magazine put a picture of Reynolds and a picture of Miss Piggy on the cover of the same issue . If we cant find a more direct connection , then I think this page should be removed . --
starwars	Though many of the other Jedi classes were hunted to extinction during the Great Jedi Purge , Darth Sidious personally suspected that many of the survivors were Sentinels due to their tendency to serve on distant worlds , their ability to integrate more easily into society , and their secretive nature .
starwars	According to Imperial propaganda released on the HoloNet News , many participants were offered positions in the Lothal Sienar Fleet Systems factory , and the Imperial Registration Program helped decreasing the jobless rates on the planet significantly .
poke	Brock and Joy leave Ash and Max to take care of the Pokémon , asking they should not leave the building .
starwars	The Brother Claw Gang first appeared in the 2015 mobile game `` '' .
muppet	Alison Inches is a writer who has penned several Muppet books as well as the -fiction non-fiction book Jim Hensons Designs and Doodles Jim Hensons Designs and Doodles .
poke	James claims Meowth is crazy on this idea , but Jessie is still to the idea to steal them both .
poke	Drake replies to Ash his attacks were aggressive , but Ash did not calculate his opponent 's strength , which is why such moves have backfired .
poke	Later , May and Max are pleased about Brock 's cooking , making even Max believe Brock is more dependable than Ash .
muppet	Hi , Ive just contacted Leslie about the interview possibility . Also , Chris Cerf just became a Wikipedia , much to my surprise ! Ive told him about the Muppet Wiki , and also invited him to do an interview as well . -- Zanimum 1819 , 24 March 2006
muppet	Dont think I dont see you ) angies
poke	Later on , they plan to become rich after giving Pikachu to the boss , but the heroes follow them on the snow motors .
starwars	The apprentice of Overseer Ardran was a male Sith Pureblood during the Cold War .
starwars	Although Vapps believed Liddell to be unaware of this hobby , Liddell did know about it & mdsah ; he only chose not to tell Vapps .
starwars	In addition , the 128th TIE Interceptor Squadron was an elite TIE/IN interceptor squadron , formerly led by Kasan Moor until her defection to the Rebel Alliance .
starwars	Star Wars Motion Picture Slipcase
poke	May , Max and Brock are happy Ash is fine , and Pikachu regains consciousness as well .
starwars	Theed had been taken back from Federation control .
starwars	The story appeared in `` Tales from Jabba 's Palace '' , published in January 1996 by Bantam Spectra .
muppet	I figure after all youve been through this week , you need a laugh ! --
muppet	I was just about to add a category called Book-and-Tape , but I stopped when I realized that Book-and-Record and Book-and-CD sets should also go there . Anyone have a suggestion for what we should call that ? Book-and-Album sounds funny . -- Scott Scarecroe 0033 , 16 February 2006
starwars	When Han Solo first heard of the Dozen-and-Two 's exploits , his knowledge of his old friend 's parents ' deaths due to smugglers immediately led Solo to worry about Durron 's activities .
poke	Flannery apologizes for the mess , but the heroes do n't mind , for Ash will have his battle much faster this way .
starwars	Stryver is revealed to be a female Gektl Mandalorian at this time .
poke	The heroes encounter Shiftry , so Ash sends Treecko - Treecko uses Quick Attack .
poke	May , Max , Brock and Pikachu return , though they failed to find Ash or Snorunt .
poke	The woman sees the heroes are trainers and wants them to find the Phantom and discover who he is .
poke	Pikachu tries to attack Nuzleaf , but Mudkip calms him down , as Mudkip tries to reason with Nuzleaf .
muppet	Starting with this volume of Muppet Babies stories , viewers see scenes from the books and Kermit says what is in the beginning of the books `` The Muppet Babies live in the nursery , in a house on a street that is a lot like yours . But they can travel around anywhere , anytime , using a special power . The power of the imagination . Can you imagine what it would be like to go with them ? Join the Muppet Babies on this adventure and find out . '' The scene cuts to the bedroom while a big thunderstorm is going on outside . Kermit finds his nephew Robin hiding because hes scared of thunderstorms . Kermit tells him Baby Piggy was scared of storms and reads to Robin . Robin starts to enjoy Kermits reading as he goes on with the first story followed by the second story with Baby Fozzie , but becomes a little angry when the thunderstorm outside is still going on . Kermit tells Robin he was the same way one time , based on the third story . After that , Robin feels much better and the storm is finally over . Kermit asks Robin if he wants to go outside to play , but Robin decides not to , so as the video ends , Kermit decides to read to Robin some more , but Robin tells him to choose the story , so Kermit reads the same story again just as the scene cuts and the credits roll .
starwars	The Scattering
starwars	However , Lieutenant Lyste , mistaking her for the rebel agent Fulcrum , stunned her .
starwars	Kenobi contacted Tano who refused to retreat .
muppet	EDIT Ah , well , I figured you might have just left . I need to shower and shave , but do please take a look at the e-mail when you get a chance . Thanks !
muppet	More later . --
starwars	During the Clone Wars , Salissian mercenaries worked for Count Dooku and the Confederacy of Independent Systems on the planet Drongar .
poke	The full moon is tonight , but the deal is that moon ca n't be seen from Volley Town , as it is surrounded by mountains and cliffs .
muppet	Im confused by the statement that Columbia is a different company in Japan . When Sony bought US Columbia from CBS in 1990 , I thought that they merged all of the worldwide Columbias together , and now theyre all called Sony Music Entertainment . Does anybody have any more information about this ? --
muppet	Why was this deleted ? If the proposed segment/show made it into print in a publication that Sesame Workshop oversaw , whats the problem ? -- Zanimum 1526 , January 31 , 2011
poke	May admits she thought of fun when participating in the Contest , but never thought it would be this tough to lose .
poke	They go to capture it , but the Pokémon evades and uses Psychic , levitating the vehicle .
muppet	Over the years , Piggy has performed enraged acts of violence on various characters and celebrities . The `` Muppet Morsels '' feature on The Muppet Show Season One DVD set attempted to track Miss Piggys outbursts with a running count of her karate chops .
poke	A female trainer tells her that she will become a better trainer and requires mobility to keep track of the battle .
starwars	While visiting Ania 's junkyard to purchase some linear converters for his freighter , he advised Ania to get rid of her lightsaber since it entailed problems beyond her depths .
muppet	In 2002 , in the On the Set with Kermit interview for Kermits Swamp Years DVD , Kermit said `` I was the first born child , very responsible , you know . I had several thousand younger brothers and sisters . '' He then went on to name them `` Angie , Artie , Aloysius , Andy , Artemus , ... Eloise , Eugene , Edward , Elaine , ... Mortimer , Marry , Millicent , Molly , Matthew , ... Yolanda , Yo-yo , Ya-ya , Ye-ye . ''
muppet	Unfortunately , these are the only French books I have right now , so thats all the evidence I can come up with . --
muppet	There have also been many episodes that revolved around Kermit and Miss Piggy . Episode 107 Florence Episode 107 revolved around Miss Piggy persuing Kermit . In Episode 211 Dom episode 211 , Miss Piggy had Scooter pay the audience to cheer at her so that Kermit would notice her more . In Episode 423 Carol episode 423 , Miss Piggy got some shoes that were too small for her feet , but when Kermit complimented on the shoes , she reluctantly kept them . One of the biggest episodes for them was Episode 502 Loretta episode 502 , in which , after being annoyed over Miss Piggy telling the gossip papers that they were secretly married , Kermit fired Miss Piggy . However , Kermit eventually did hire her back .
poke	May tells Skitty is in perfect shape , so they both start to anger one another , so Joshua tries calming them down .
starwars	A battle on the Outer Rim planet of Florrum took place in 20 BBY .
poke	May orders Torchic to attack with Amber , but Max reminds her the move is called Ember .
poke	Team Rocket is basted off near the heroes , so Ludicolo and Poncho are released .
poke	They try to pull it up , but it is too heavy , so the rope cuts and they get blasted off .
poke	Ash introduces himself and the girl is Liza while the boy Tate , her little brother .
poke	Hariyama and Treecko fall on the ground , but , out of the two , Hariyama is defeated .
starwars	The `` Phantom '' then delivered the prototype Blade Wing fighter to the rebel blockade run to Ibaar using this hyperdrive .
muppet	Nick is going to ask somebody at Wikipedia to translate that picture you showed me . I hope we get an answer soon ! --
starwars	A shaman there , Eeytch , had predicted their coming and challenged them to a fight against several Menahuun champions ; should they win , the Menahuun would accept to negotiate a conflict resolution .
muppet	File Street Cookie Monster Unboxes a Cookie Monster Unboxes a Lunchbox
muppet	Dermot appeared in the Mopatops Shop episode `` Episode 103 Flea Flea Power '' , where he was looking for a good scratch . At first Mopatop and Puppyduck have difficulties locating a good scratch for him ; they try a feather duster and a tail warmer but they dont work . At last they notice the box with the jumping fleas and Dermot ends up convincing the fleas that they should go home with him and help him get the scratch that he loves so much .
poke	May claims this could be her last expedition , but Max asks of her to drop the act .
poke	While Team Rocket blasts off during the battle , they manage to steal the Poké Balls .
muppet	Hey , Mary Catherine ! Ive taken the talk box off of Kermit , Prince of Denmark , so if you find anything out , its all you , babe . —
starwars	Once the Alliance pilots returned to the `` Liberty '' , Yamarus assessed the data , hypothesizing that the equipment being shipped may be for the construction of a new shipyard or base of operations for the Empire .
starwars	The home was swiftly completed , and Solo and Chewbacca threw a festive housewarming party which many galactic figures attended .
poke	Brock , Max and May notice Ash has gotten better as well , having the battle under control .
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail and Cacnea uses Pin Missile , but Pikachu dodges both attacks .
starwars	However , he still viewed his soldiers as highly skilled , and believed that their defeat was due to them being outnumbered by the k'lor'slugs .
muppet	Of course , he * might * still be there were Episode 305 Reduce , Reuse , Retrieve and Episode 304 Howl the Conquering Hero , which if nothing else , may help for dog puppet spotting in general .
muppet	Muppet Treasure Island is the fifth feature film to star Muppets the Muppets , and the second produced after the death of Muppets creator Jim Henson . Released in 1996 and directed by Jim Hensons son Brian Henson , it was one of many film adaptations of Robert Louis Stevensons Treasure Island .
starwars	Nelson Flin
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Braun page .
muppet	Singing
starwars	Dark Lizard packs attempted to herd their targets into a small group which the pack could then surround .
muppet	Hey , Im a little confused by your Sandbox list . Most are obvious , but what needs to be fixed on Snuffleupaguses ? I spent time on that page , and on Fraggle Rock , relocating images and stuff , so they should look fine in any browser with no problems whatsoever , no massed images at the top . Im not sure what the problem is on The Jimmy Dean Show either
poke	The gang arrived to Pokémon Center , where Nurse Joy gives them a place to stay in before the snowstorm .
muppet	Yay , Im happy to see that youre creating LMM episode pages ! Thats cool . --
starwars	By 0 ABY , the species had been reduced to a single member , a female who guarded a temple on a planet in the Red Nebula .
starwars	Concussion grenade launcher
starwars	She immediately turned off the transponder and quickly blended in with a crowd of fellow smugglers .
muppet	File Street Elmo Has a Freeze Dance `` Freeze Dance '' with Ernie and Abby
muppet	He also appeared in an episode of the webshow Statler and Waldorf From the Balcony in late 2005 .
muppet	I heard from Muppet Central that Jason Segel is writting a new movie , hoping to bring the Muppets back to the glory days
muppet	Can someone please change the term showmaster in game show host
poke	Ash sees now May is the daughter of the Gym Leader , while Max introduces Ash as the loser of second round of Johto League .
poke	When the attack is done , everyone sees a `` golden '' version of Pikachu and Swellow , while Tate realizes they are using thunder as armor .
muppet	Downtown Julie Brown is an English actress best known for her stint as an MTV VJ . The winner of the World Disco Dancing Championship of 1979 , Brown has also appeared on Lois
poke	Jessie and James comment the poacher is foolish to leave the Pokémon he caught wounded , out here , alone .
poke	The others have been captured by the Pokémon they saw earlier , being to be torched by flames the Nuzleaf are preparing .
poke	Team Rocket sees this could work , since the boss would give them promotions and decide to capture all the Lotad .
poke	Later , Ash forgot to ask about the new Petalburg Gym Leader , while May does not know , either .
muppet	The Gargoyle sings a romantic duet , `` For Me and My For Me and My Goyle , '' with Mulch in The Muppet Show Episode 509 Debbie episode 509 . The Gargoyle and Mulch have kids who are on exhibit at the museum . Theyre weird , but worth seeing .
poke	What sinister plot are they up to this time , and why does the carnival bring back such bad memories for James ?
muppet	He also guest starred in The Ghost of Faffner Hall episode `` Episode 109 Notation The Sign That Gets the Notation The Sign That Gets the Sound '' .
muppet	Colbert comments on the 40th anniversary of Sesame Street , which he refers to as `` the most insidious socialist brainwashing program in our nation ’ s history '' and weighs in on the recent Episode `` POX News '' joke controversy `` Personally , I wish my cable company carried POX News . They provide insightful coverage at my reading level ... I would much rather my children watch opinionchicken Glenn Beak squawk about how President Barack Barack Opossum wants to euthanize Big Bird and legalize Are Ernie and Bert Bert/Ernie marriage . '' Other clips in the five and a half minute segment include Henson # 3 '' , Cookie Monsters appearance on The Colbert Report , Kermit and Joey , Cookie Monsters egg sandwich , Grover and Jesse on marriage , the Martians discover a book , Michelle Obama in Episode 4187 , and the Boston Tea Party .
poke	Roxanne hears this and states the Gym is next to the Academy , so Max convinces Ash that they should visit the Academy first .
muppet	In 1996 , Oz was unable to participate in the filming of Muppet Treasure Island at all , because he was directing Frank Oz Bowfinger . Kevin Clash performed Ozs characters on set , and Oz looped the dialogue in post-production .
starwars	Michael McCormick was a puppeteer for .
starwars	However , they have the option to refuse to help Bolook , insulting him in the process .
muppet	I was watching in the early 80s if that helps .
starwars	Along the way , Sykes picked up a vehicular upgrade .
starwars	Jarrus ' apprentice , the young Ezra Bridger , managed to free his master .
muppet	Really really wish we could narrow this down . How do you guys do that , anyway ? User Max riverbottom
poke	Ash , Max and Brock explain May 's been carried there by a Skarmory , so the men go to speak with Old Man Obee , so the boys follow them as well .
muppet	Weirda is Gonzos mother , as seen in Baby Gonzos Superman-inspired account of his origins from the Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 307 Fozzies Family Fozzies Family Tree '' .
muppet	Doing an internal Muppet Wiki search today for Yeti , two pages came up on the results page that were deleted back in January 2011 . Is this normal , or a glitch ? I thought it was really odd . The pages were Mukku and Gachapin --
poke	The heroes are going to Verdanturf Town , where May hopes to win her next ribbon .
muppet	As before , the numbers cycle through 2-12 . The letters , which also cycle , have seven variable positions
muppet	Hi again . Youre passionate about things , which is nice , but your reversion of other peoples edits
poke	Instead , Ash tries to contact Professor Birch , but his assistant reports Birch is doing field work , though he will try to contact him .
poke	Jessie sends Seviper and James with Cacnea ( who hugs the former ) to discover the Phantom 's identity .
starwars	The Mystic was the personal `` Infiltrator '' -series long-range fighter of Darth Bane .
poke	Team Rocket is frustrated because of May and Skitty and see the others arriving .
poke	Everyone raises their hand up , so Sigourney goes to show them through the Izabe Lake .
starwars	The Mirial system was a star system located in the Outer Rim Territories .
poke	Regardless , May throws three frisbee to Beautifly , who uses Gust to levitate them in mid-air .
starwars	The Yavin system was part of the Gordian Reach , a sector of the Outer Rim Territories .
starwars	The Kathol Republic ships escorted the `` FarStar '' to Dayark and impounded it .
starwars	After those events , Gungans began the construction of a colony on one of Naboo ’ s moons .
muppet	But on the other hand , for some , they may take something away from the experience of seeing the clip for the first time . As the old saying goes seeing is believing .
muppet	Bart multiplie sans compter Bert shows Ernie that multiplication tables are an easy way to figure out how many ears and fingers they have together , and how many fingers you need to scratch multiple dogs behind their ears .
muppet	Im a little confused right now . Right now the article states that there was one appearance on the show . But I find it a little hard that a single talk show appearance could feature not only all the Muppet segments listed here , but also appearances by Walter Cronkite , Edward Villel , Alfred Drake and Peggy Lee . And then we have the picture of the cake with Florence Henderson , Sandy Duncan and Ethel Merman . Where did the information come from about the additional guests . Its fascinating stuff , if they were indeed on that show . -- Nate
starwars	In the game , the playable character must have a constitution attribute of 12 or higher .
poke	The door locks , so Ash and Brock ask May for assistance , but she refuses to help .
muppet	Composta Heap Mulchs sister
starwars	When he revealed this to Drusan , the captain claimed he had received a communique from Palpatine himself confirming that Odo was Arkanian and his orders did come from the `` Predominant '' , and Drusan commended Pellaeon for his persistence .
poke	May points out the King of Tricks has issues , but Alanna claims he is fun , too .
poke	Hansen does not want to hear such `` foolish '' arguments , so he has his Ninjask and Shedinja , as well as Team Rocket , force the king and queen to leave .
poke	There they encounter the commanders of the teams they encountered before : Team Magma 's Harland and Team Aqua 's Isabel .
starwars	The `` Vehement '' was destroyed at the Battle of Endor after participating in the battle between the Alliance forces and the Death Star II .
muppet	A trio of back-up singers who first appeared in Episode 424 Diana episode 424 , during the song `` Last Time I Saw Him . ''
poke	Can Ash and co. brave this mine in order to be well prepared for his rematch with Brawly ?
muppet	Notes http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Family_Guy ? curid=2476
starwars	It was home to the sentient Dimean species .
poke	Team Rocket see what is going on and admire Taillow for their toughness and will to fight the twerps , planning on getting the Taillow to their side .
starwars	Beach troopers were often stationed here .
muppet	He guest starred on The Muppet Show Episode 513 Tony episode 513 and contributed a `` Favorite Pear Dessert '' recipe for Miss Miss Piggys 1996 cookbook , In the Kitchen with Miss Piggy .
muppet	However , the move toward highlighting healthy eating habits in 2005 led to a persistent rumor circulating in the media and on the internet that Cookie Monster would be dropped from the show , or renamed `` Veggie Monster . '' Sesame Street poked fun at the media firestorm in a Season 37 episode . In a sketch in Episode 4115 , Matt Lauer of The Today Show confronts Cookie Monster about the rumors that hes giving up cookies and becoming a `` Fruit Monster . '' Cookie Monster refutes the rumor , explaining that he eats the fruit first , and then has cookies for dessert . Cookie Monster also says that the media is always blowing things out of proportion .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0045 , February 28 , 2010
starwars	Playboy and socialite Seth Cambriel entered the race aboard his personal vessel , the `` Cambus Gale '' , and placed almost last .
poke	Kenny finally shares the secret : there is something between Caroline and Norman .
poke	The heroes found Team Rocket and Pikachu uses Quick Attack , hitting Team Rocket .
poke	Some time in 1987 the company also signed a licensing deal to market `` Star Wars '' .
starwars	The fighter was also fitted with external modules capable of carrying up to eighteen Confederacy assassin droids .
starwars	Plooriod IV , the fourth planet of the Plooriod system , was a member of the Greater Plooriod Cluster , an agricultural territory of the Expansion Region of the galaxy .
poke	Ash goes to help and as May offers help with Torchic , Skitty comes out from her Poké Ball .
poke	The Max and the taller one promise to fight them , so Jessie taunts them how they can easily be crushed , while Taillow finds them .
poke	Max claims they can use Ash to find Team Rocket , but May is annoyed and bashes her fist onto Max 's head , causing him to whine .
poke	Mudkip repeats its attack , hurting Zigzagoon , while Nicholai uses a Poké Ball and catches the Zigzagoon .
poke	Ash 's stomach growls , so Kelly 's mother , Otane , decides to give them some of her cooking .
muppet	`` Here to There '' is sung by Wembley Wembley in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 102 Wembley and the Wembley and the Gorgs '' as he plays the bongos in his Gobo and Wembleys room .
starwars	On the Ring of Kafrene trading outpost in section nine , the Rebel Intelligence officer
starwars	As the guards did not have vibroblades , they carried with their long knives neuronic whips .
muppet	So how was the special ? When did the Muppet stuff happen ? Do any celebrities that were in the special get pages , or only the ones who were actually with them ? Sorry for all the questions . I havent seen it yet . I hope we get a rerun soon ! --
muppet	Greetings . Just a heads up , while we appreciate your adding info , theres also been some concerns from other users about the verifiability/accuracy of the information , especially the air dates . If you want to maintain privacy , thats fine , but logging in and creating a username is a good way to build trust , as is a brief note as to your sources
poke	Two purple lights emerge ; Gulpin and Treecko are freed , but are the size of buildings .
poke	May replies she owes this victory to Grace , who laughs , since May should give herself some credit .
poke	However , Venusaur uses Solar Beam , blasting Team Rocket away , as the robot was n't able to counter it since the mirror only deflects electric moves , and not grass moves .
poke	He demands to go there to find the Gym Leader , but Max thinks Ash will also want to see the launch .
starwars	The sentient Rodian species of Rodia hunted ghests in teams , although by the time of the Galactic Civil War between the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic , ghest hunts had become less frequent .
poke	Tommy apologizes , claiming he accidentally stomped on Poliwag 's tail , but Alice accuses him of being a liar .
starwars	As D'oon 's team made its way toward its LAAT/i gunship , Grievous killed D'oon , but his team , along with Quiyyen , fled the area aboard the gunship .
poke	As Ash , Brock and Birch follow the Poochyena , Birch spots that Zubat live outside and Poliwrath in the lake and points out normally Poliwrath live near the waterfall and Zubat inside the caves .
muppet	Wilby starred as the title character in the 1987 film Maurice . In television , he played King George IV in the TV movie Bertie and Elizabeth and appeared in two Agatha Christie adaptations , Sparkling Cyanide and Marple The Sittaford Mystery .
starwars	The Human male Dainsom was a native of the planet Algarian .
poke	Brock notices the sticker he place , so they are near the entrance , but they fall into the hole again .
starwars	The Gorshian hands of death was one plant of note .
poke	Just as Walrein goes to make one last Ice Ball , Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Quagsire defends Walrein .
starwars	Jion Trynn
poke	The boy throws the frisbee at May 's feet , claiming she has no finesse into it , insulting May , who demands the boy 's name .
muppet	Gervais spoke to Empire magazine about his favorite Muppet `` Robin the Robin is my favourite . I absolutely love him . The Muppet Christmas Muppet Christmas Carol is one of my favourite films — that story is already one of the greatest ever , and the only way you can improve it is with Muppets . ''
muppet	Do we really need an article for this website ? It was pretty much a fan-made website that I belive has even gotten some of us on the wiki believing they were true facts Alex
muppet	As for b/w and no sound , I thought it would help deter from copyright infringement . Not to mention the fact that color and sound is not needed for the wikis purposes .
starwars	However , the Neimoidians seized exclusive distribution rights to the spice and sold them to the newly discovered Porporite species .
poke	Flannery complains about being referred to as `` the new Gym Leader '' to her grandfather , but Mr. Moore expects respect and to be referred as the judge through the battle .
poke	Team Rocket are going away with food they got , but when Gulpin flies over them , it attacks with Stockpile and Spit Up , blasting them off and dropping their food down .
starwars	Amidala was able to convince Clovis to let her accompany him on a trip to Cato Neimoidia to speak with the Neimoidians .
muppet	I made an edit I politely asked why , here ; http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Thread163744 More than a week went by , and he did not answer . So for the record , I stated that I did not appreciate it . Then he blocks me . He now claims I was being a `` pest '' ? Really ? I ask you Danny , what did I do wrong ? * more than a week * goes by , and he does not answer me . Is that really professional behavior for an admin ?
starwars	Before long the group encountered a stormtrooper patrol that had been searching for them .
muppet	Muppet Show Anniversary pack , with an Of Muppets and Men Of Muppets and Men book , a press kit for the Of Muppets and Men Of Muppets and Men documentary , tickets for tonights show , and a signed lithograph $ 340
starwars	As such , he was blasted completely clear of the pod and fell all the way back to the Chancellor 's podium .
starwars	A store was located in the city Barons Hed , located on the moon Sulon .
muppet	The Fraggle Horn is stolen from the Great Hall , shortly before the Worlds Oldest Fraggle intended to call a meeting to host a party in honor of Uncle Traveling Matt . Inspector Red Red .
poke	Jessie asks James why did he need to set the clock , so James explains that they need to do their daily routine , else their lives would be wasted .
muppet	Scott played the piano tracks heard on the series , including all of Rowlf the Rowlfs performances . He wrote the theme music heard in many Muppet Show Muppet Show sketches , such as Pigs in Space , Fozzies Monologues , The Swedish Swedish Chef and Veterinarians Hospital . He also wrote `` Sweet Tooth Jam '' for Episode 110 Harvey episode 110 and `` Pig Calypso '' for Episode 221 Bob episode 221 .
starwars	He had black hair , light skin , and brown eyes that appeared ancient to his father when Solo was a child .
muppet	Hi , Jessica -- Im planning to go to your reading at A Different Light on Sunday ... Im looking forward to meeting you , and seeing your zine ! --
muppet	Dont you know , im a internation user and I live in the Philippines .
starwars	Fur-bearing trout were a native fish to Paulking XIV .
muppet	Jamie Lee Curtis is an actress who has appeared on Sesame Street . Footage of Curtis appearance with Elmo 2556 } } can be seen in the 1994 special Sesame Street All-Star 25th Birthday Stars and Street Stars and Street Forever
starwars	Used early in the Clone Wars by the Galactic Republic 's Grand Army , the TX-130 `` Saber '' -class fighter tank was utilized against the Separatist Alliance .
starwars	The Mudgub princess fell through with a shriek .
poke	Spoink bounces and the children with the Shroomish and Azurill come and hide their Pokémon away from it .
poke	Grovyle uses Bullet Seed and Slugma Flamethrower , to prevent the heroes from escaping .
muppet	Purple Snake Spider Like Frackle pic I think youll now get the idea , so I wont mention the source pics of Gloat
starwars	During the Clone Wars , a B1 battle droid , alongside another B1 battle droid , was led by an OOM command battle droid on a desert planet resembling Tatooine .
starwars	The Knight and a companion boarded the `` Valor '' -class cruiser and cut a path through the Imperial boarding forces , making their way to the torpedo chamber where Sedoru was waiting .
muppet	Do some Sesame Street specials such as Christmas Eve on Sesame Street show kid guests ? Danielcelanorocks 2400
muppet	This donkey appeared , with other animals , in The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland . Now , I know Ive seen him before , in either Sesame Street or The Muppet Muppet Show episodes or both , but I cant place where , or his name . Any takes ? -- Andrew , Aleal 2246 , 1 March 2006
poke	Suddenly , the fence breaks itself from the Magikarp submarine and captures Ash 's Pikachu and Sharpedo in a net .
poke	Since Tate and Liza are combining their moves , Ash orders Pikachu to go on Swellow 's back .
poke	May , Brock and Max have lunch , having no idea what Ash and Pikachu are doing .
poke	When Team Rocket wakes up , they are sad they lost the twerps , but Meowth claims they need to continue .
poke	Meanwhile , Treecko escapes from the Pokémon Center where Ash brought it to recover .
muppet	The story follows Big Bird as he seeks in vain for a most valued object one half of the new skates Granny Bird sent to him . As in the tradition of Greek tragedy , this loss prevents Big Bird from being an active hero , unable to skate with Bert and Ernie and thus thrust into despair . He gets help from Grover , but their efforts yield only spaghetti with birdseed sauce and continued frustration . Big Bird asks everyone he encounters , from Oscar the Grouch to Susan and Miles , but none can resolve his dilemma .
poke	Mary is not convinced Solrock is the cause of the water shortage , thinking there is a better , scientific explanation .
poke	Max , Brock and May want to have one sand bath , but Ash does not let them , stating his gym battle comes first .
poke	Ash yells out Brawly should battle him , but this annoys the latter , who claims he is not doing any battles .
starwars	Brenne had been personally selected by Emperor Palpatine to accompany Darth Vader on a voyage to volcanic planet Mustafar .
starwars	Atris was unaware that the new owner of the ship was a former friend from the Jedi Order , Meetra Surik , also known as the Jedi Exile , another hero of the Mandalorian Wars who was exiled for her defiance of the Jedi Council and her decision to join Revan in the war .
poke	Max gives May some advice , even if she says that she 's old enough to know how to fish .
muppet	Oh , and I just saw a little bumper the other day
muppet	I just thought Id let you know that a reasonable introduction is needed or else the page , and all your work , might get deleted . --
starwars	Dameron soon learned from a Crèche elder that Tekka had once lived with the Crèche , so the pilot hoped the Crèche would tell him what they knew about the one they called `` the explorer . ''
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 0236 , 12 June 2009
muppet	Farscape The Game is a computer game adaptation of Farscape , released for Windows . Released in 2002 , the game was developed by Jim Henson Interactive with Red Lemon Studios , and published by Simon
poke	Brock explains May and Max Luvdisc has an ability called Swift Swim : when it rains , Luvdisc is much faster than usual , and Corphish started the rain by bashing the water with Crabhammer .
starwars	Mothma was skeptical of the plan , but ultimately approved it due to Skywalker and Organa 's reputation .
starwars	Wearing these robes bestowed an increase in wisdom upon the wearer , as well as an enhanced ability to refresh themselves within the Force .
muppet	The True Bride aired as the second half of Episode 108 Videotape of The Jim Henson Hour . It was not seen again in the United States until Jim Hensons The StoryTeller began airing on HBO in 1997 .
starwars	Garn and Azzameen were highly praised by their superiors , including Admiral Yamarus , for their part in Kupalo 's capture .
starwars	Karath 's blockade is subsequently commandeered by Haazen , who overrides the Vanjervalis Chain programming and takes control of the ships .
muppet	Does anyone who has this book know if any of the stories were inspired by those in Kiplings collection , Just So Stories ? --
starwars	Along the way , they encounter native wildlife and a group of hunters from the resort who had been corrupted by the Dark side of the Force from the temple .
starwars	Jilrua was first mentioned in `` The Essential Atlas '' , a 2009 reference book co-authored by Jason Fry and Daniel Wallace , which placed the planet in grid square R-12 .
muppet	Cast Statler , Waldorf , Tom Cruise Tom Cruise , Cruises assistant , and Loni Dunne
poke	Michael Goldstein , a member of the company 's Board of Directors since March 2003 , was appointed interim Chairman , while the company was conducting a search for a new CEO .
muppet	In 1955 , Sam and Friends was scheduled twice a day on the local Washington , DC network , at 625 and 1125pm . The 625 show led into the national Huntley-Brinkley Report broadcast at 630 , and the 1125 show came before Tonight ! ’ s start at 1130 . Jane Henson credits this scheduling as key to the early success of Sam and Friends `` We were handed the best possible audiences , '' she remembered in Jim Henson The Works . `` Everyone followed Huntley-Brinkley , and Steve Allen was extremely popular as well . It was an incredible break , and I never did know who was responsible for it . ''
starwars	Baradium nitrate was a form of baradium that acted as a starship fuel .
poke	May already imagines having a hot bath , while Ash states their Pokémon would have some rest as well .
poke	Ash thinks Machop would become tired eventually and decides to continue with his strategy .
muppet	Could you please put the picture sleeve for Wynken , Blynken and Nod on its page ? I can never remember if youre supposed to shrink it or enlarge it , and when to use thumb or frame and all that . I figured youd know since you found the picture . Thanks ! --
poke	James ' Cacnea is chosen to fight ; Cacnea uses Pin Missile , but Silcoon uses Harden .
starwars	Feena 's clone was part of a successful conspiracy to end the life of Emperor Palpatine , and afterward became part of the Imperial Interim Ruling Council , the new ruling body of the Empire , where she continued to represent D'Asta .
poke	May presses a button on the radio , playing a song , so Mawile and Samantha perform and wave the ribbons in air .
muppet	Hey babe You havent been around today , but when you have time , please check in on Category talk Street Episodes . It looks like you , Scott and I are the only people who are really invested in the boxes , and youre the deciding vote . ) --
muppet	Hello ! I found this image and thought you might like to see it . I have no idea what to do with it ... ) --
poke	He says that James , Meowth and Jessie are more trouble than they 're worth , but at least the Poison types are his .
poke	Team Rocket spots the battle and dream how their boss , Giovanni , would live with the Treecko and like it much , enough to give Team Rocket a promotion .
poke	Kennedy takes them inside the headquarters , while Team Rocket attempts to pass by .
poke	The man escapes on the boat , forcing Briney to use his secret boat , the S.S. Wingull .
muppet	Despite any implications from the comma on the characters nameplate , the name is spoken in dialogue as is . Scott
starwars	Calrissian continued to work with his friends on the Star Destroyer to prevent a full-scale war between the Corellians and their allies and the Galactic Alliance .
poke	Jacuzzi already has a plan to stop them , but the Gulpin are going towards the town 's center .
muppet	During the shows teaser `` Happy 40th Birthday , Sesame Street . Big That birds not getting any bigger , I say we eat him now . ''
muppet	In the 2002 special Elmos World Happy Holidays ! , it was revealed that Baby Bears family is Jewish . However , Baby Bear is seen participating happily in the Sesame Street Sesame Street Easter picnic in the 2007 book Rositas Easter on Sesame Street ; he brings Easter Braided Bread to the party .
muppet	As noted at Muppet Wiki Wanted , Sesame Workshops archive has a description for Tom Hankss appearance `` Season 24 Waiting for the Bus with Big Bird and kids '' .
muppet	Since you work with a lot of Sesame Street video clips , I was wondering if you have or know about any of the animated openings . I put together a list over on Sesame Street Animated Openings , but thats all I can find from YouTube and the recent DVD sets . Anything else you can add would be great . Thanks ! --
muppet	A . When it comes to fashion , moi believes in setting trends , not following them . Thats why I never know what Ill be wearing next . On any given day , I have three criteria for deciding what to wear is it in the `` clean '' pile ? Everything else is just accessorizing .
poke	The lad knows well his family expects him to return as a Champion and ca n't disappoint them .
muppet	If you do a Google search for
poke	Team Rocket appears and Jessie `` accidentally '' pushes the log , causing the twerps to fall down , into the stream , angering them .
poke	More and more Carvanha appear while Pikachu electrocutes them , as the rest attack Ash .
muppet	Any responses here would be greatly appreciated . Thanks !
poke	Team Rocket appear in a helicopter and Meowth , equipped by a jetpack Jessie controls , is launched away .
poke	The Pokémon takes out a leaf and whistles through it , causing the team to become tired .
poke	Team Rocket is also interested in getting the prize , even the Jigglypuff , with the marker .
poke	James comes with a bag and maintains balance , but unfortunately for him , he slides across the icy floor and bashes into a wall .
muppet	And by the latter , I mean bits where no EKA has been found yet . But I guess they dont count .
poke	May admits Ash encouraged her to win with his advice , but Ash claims she won this all by herself .
poke	However , May objects , as she would n't have offered help if he would race all the time .
poke	Ash sends Pikachu and Swellow , thinking the latter is a good choice against the levitating Pokémon .
muppet	Would you believe it , weve finally managed to get the number of items in Talk Pages down to single digits ! For the moment , anyway
starwars	Redeye first appeared in the episode `` Voyage of Temptation , '' which aired on February 5 , 2010 .
muppet	I hope you guys dont mind me using Muppet Wiki as my guinea pig for stuff like this ... I only do it if I actually like the idea . If somebody wants to test something that I dont like , I tell them to go find another wiki to test it on . ) Anyway , let me know if you have any thoughts . --
poke	Ash advises Romeo to go to hospital to cure this illness , but May claims there is no hospital that can cure Romeo , for he is in love .
poke	The woman is thankful and lets everyone know she will participate in tomorrow 's Contest .
poke	Upon being called a fishing legend , Sullivan is flattered and shares some advice .
poke	Meowth translates it used so much psychic attacks it got its energy depleted , but mostly because of the attack from Ken and Mary .
muppet	The franchise was further solidified as being separate from other `` Jim Hensons Muppets '' projects when The Walt Disney Company purchased The Muppets the Muppets characters from The Jim Henson Company in 2004 . Disney went one step further to separate their property , by designating this group and their endeavors as The Muppets Studio .
muppet	Does anyone have info on this boy who appears in some 1969 inserts with Kermit ? -- Deanmo19 1033 , 2 October 2006
muppet	In the Cafe Fred section , Roger Langridge has nods to many science fiction franchises . The cast of Mystery Science Theater 3000 , Bender , and Star Han Solo and Greedo can be seen in establishment . There is an alien creature sitting in the top right hand panel though that I just cant quite identify . It is driving me crazy because it looks so familiar , but as with the others it is just cartoony enough that it is hard to figure out . I thought maybe it was Gizmo from Gremlins , or maybe the creature from the McDonalds alien movie
poke	May simply replies there were cute flowers in the path they took and reminds Max the PokéNav should show the right way .
muppet	`` Alexanders Ragtime Band '' was Irving Irving Berlins first major hit in 1911 . It was performed by James Coburn , playing the piccolo , and the The Muppets to round off a Roaring 20s sketch in Episode 505 James episode 505 of The Muppet Show .
muppet	I just heard from Sannse . She says that shell get the list on Muppet Wiki Pirates blocked . I asked her to let me know when thats done , so we can see whether it worked or not . --
starwars	By the year 19 BBY , CT-0000/1010 had earned the rank of Clone Sergeant and was known by the nickname `` Fox . ''
muppet	Thought youd enjoy some 1981 quotes from Dudley Moore about Miss Piggy
poke	Team Rocket will have to improvise to get in and suddenly they see a helicopter arriving .
poke	Meowth remembers well he practiced human speech , so he encourages Bagon not to give his dreams down .
poke	This excites everyone , but May and Timmy wish each other luck , as they may face against each other soon .
starwars	Unidentified Gossam
poke	Ivysaur uses Razor Leaf , Charmeleon with Flamethrower and Blastoise with Hydro Pump , blasting Team Rocket off .
starwars	The armor allowed freedom of movement for Ti and accentuated her figure and muscular physique .
starwars	After their defeat , the Separatists retreated to the Kreetan Narrows , leading to the annexation of the region , including the Periphery , by the Galactic Empire .
muppet	As always , please use the preview and show changes tools I described above . When used properly , theyll keep the rest of the community from having to clean up after the fact . And we want to maintain a neat and organized wiki . Thanks !
starwars	Atha Prime
starwars	During the Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire , the Dread Host—Imperial forces under the control of the Sith Lords known as the Dread Masters—launched a series of attacks on Hutt Space .
starwars	The Riflemen used a modified version of the Kylan-15 created by their leader Vlaydm Churhee .
muppet	I meant to comment on this awhile back . Its a great page , but the title is incredibly awkward . Its not quite accurate either . Its not a list of `` media , '' but a chart covering episodes , books , videos , songs , etc . I dont think all of those really constitute `` media . '' Plus its impossible to type , and almost all lower case . Id like to recommend moving this to `` First Days of School '' or something of the sort . --
poke	May sends Beautifly and Drew his Roselia , who spreads pollen around the field .
poke	As Ash , Brock and Max try to get May out of the forbidden area , May befriends a Bulbasaur , but the Grass-type Pokémon start attacking her .
muppet	Ronstadt appeared as the guest star in Episode 523 Linda episode 523 The Muppet Show , where she and Kermit the Frog share a mutual attraction for each other . The two reuinited years later for a duet of `` All I Have to Do Is Dream '' on the Kermit Unpigged album .
starwars	The latter made use of `` Munificent '' -class star frigates .
poke	Having just inherited the Gym from her grandfather and determined to prove her abilities , she is just as eager as Ash to battle , but the Gym ’ s battlefield is full of holes and therefore can not be used .
poke	Ash admits he was wrong about surfing , so Brawly explains that surfing makes people and Pokémon more balanced , while they have fun at it .
muppet	Im assuming that that quote is a joke ... If so , then I dont think we can use it . Its cute , but on this kind of site , we have to take quotes seriously . Sorry to be a grouch about it . --
poke	Ash is confident the path is safe , since he has been `` practicing '' by falling into Team Rocket 's holes .
starwars	90 BBY/Legends
poke	He imagines the boss with the Lotad , who would give the boss fresh water every morning .
muppet	This page says that this was a special edition of Muppet Magazine . Is there any evidence of such , as opposed to it being a one-shot magazine to promote a movie ? After all , Muppet Magazine had ended production for a few years before this . Are this and Muppet Magazine even published by the same publishing company ? -- User Minor muppetz 0429 , 14 November 2008
poke	Soon , the heroes are inside a lodge , grateful for the family that rescued them , even giving them food and water .
poke	Venusaur checks Ash , May and Torchic , for Bulbasaur May rescued earlier has warned Venusaur that they are not for any fighting .
muppet	Why not `` Can You Tell Me How to Get to Sesame Street ?
muppet	In the episode `` Plan B '' , written by Tim Schlattmann and Mark Linehan Bruner , the following is said
muppet	Kermit We put one out a few years ago and it was a lot of fun . Im sure well do another sometime soon . There arent definite plans , yet . But keep watching for it .
starwars	However , with the Imperial victory during the Sith–Imperial War and the subsequent Massacre at Ossus , the Jedi Order was decimated , and the High Council scattered .
muppet	Almost every edit that you make ends up getting reverted for being untrue or mixed-up . Im afraid that Im going to have to block you from editing the site ; youve been contributing for six months , and it seems like its not working out . --
muppet	Now , I know we dont include `` Jim Hensons '' or `` Jim Henson presents '' on any show titles . And I know we have cut the `` The '' of the titles for categorization
starwars	Later , Markona practices his vibroblades with Skywalker but opines that it would be better to duel with a lightsaber .
starwars	Around 2 BBY , Veloz was hired to haul a shipment of nerf tenderloin steaks from the planet Alderaan to the Yarith Bespin hotel on the world of Bespin but was left unable to fly her ship after she broke her arm in an accident with a malfunctioning anti-grav loader .
starwars	Abaron then decided he would bring the results to the attention of the Dark Council .
poke	Ash thinks the previous opponent was not the best one , so thinks that he should battle a better one .
muppet	So the fact that hes up in the rafters is the detail that makes it seem like a correspondence . But that could be seen as an `` influence '' , conscious or unconscious , or just a funny coincidence . But you could easily get from A to B without specifically thinking `` hey , lets make this look like a shot from Monkey Business . '' --
muppet	In late 1989 and early 1990 , Eisner orchestrated the first attempted buy-out of The Jim Henson Company , but the deal fell through after Jim Hensons death . Still interested in Henson for many years , he made several other attempts to buy the company , including when EM.TV had put it up for sale in the early 2000s . Eisner finally succeeded in having Disney buy The Muppets The Muppets , the Disney subsidiary under which the Muppets are managed .
poke	Tokin refuses to , but is captured by Team Rocket , who claim Tokin is a criminal anyway .
muppet	If you know anything about either of these episodes , please say something . Thank you in advance .
starwars	The laboratory of Drell Kahmf was run by the Zabrak scientist Drell Kahmf , and located on the planet Iridonia .
muppet	In 2005 , with the 50th anniversary of Kermits `` birth , '' the issue of assigning a specific date resurfaced . A National Public Radio Morning Edition report , broadcast on May 9 , claimed that Kermit was born on that day ; the actual broadcast focused on Kermits `` birth '' as a puppet creation as opposed to an actual celebrity , and chose May 9 since that was the date Sam and Friends debuted . The date was repeated on Wikipedia , in personal blogs , and other materials in 2005 . However , most print news periodicals referred to `` Kermits birthday '' only in terms of years . In contrast , an MSNBC article from 2005
starwars	It was released on October 11 , 2017 .
poke	The trainer chosen Mudkip to become her starter Pokémon , but Treecko is sad , so the trainer 's father asks Treecko to come with him .
poke	Meowth explains Pikachu has been a member of Team Rocket from the day he was born .
poke	As they are blasting off , James thinks Double Edge is dangerous to use for someone like Chimecho .
poke	Isaiah remembers it is a rare find and while he has no idea how it turns blue , he knows he will discover that information soon enough .
muppet	Treehouse TV is the Canadian broadcaster of Bear in the Big Blue House , Elmos World , Global Grover , and Play with Me Sesame . On 6 September 2008 , Sesame Street debuted in its new 9 am timeslot on the station ; the programs are also available on the `` Treehouse Premium Subscription Video-On-Demand '' service .
poke	One day , Jimmy and Wartortle were lost and while they tried to convince the other side to eat the last sandwich , the sandwich fell down , into Ivysaur 's mouth .
muppet	In 2009 , two grandparents in central Ohio , Jerry and Judy Hunt , claimed the Elmos World Record
poke	However , the Blue Orb can control Groudon and a Red Orb , which Team Aqua have , can control Kyogre .
poke	Team Rocket runs more on the treadmill , though James reminds them their muscles would improve .
poke	May promises to do so , but does not want Norman to lose either , making Max angry she has doubts .
poke	Ash staggers off the machine and collapses in the middle of the room , as his friends point out that 's the price to pay for touching stuff .
starwars	Zeb and the Rebels escaped their Imperial pursuers and returned to Lothal , where they landed near Lothal re-settlement camp 43 , known by the locals as `` Tarkintown , '' named after Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin and the home to farmers who lost their farmlands to the Empire .
starwars	Mon Cala
muppet	I was just wondering , would Dan Aykroyd qualify to have a page on the Wiki because of Big Birds appearance in this ? I assume that Dan Aykroyds character interracted with Big Bird , but I thought Id ask first . -- User Minor muppetz 0113 , 16 May 2009
starwars	Thrawn 's Phalanx , in the mean time , was known to had worked in conjunction with a cell of Imperials in order to conduct a more proactive campaign of guarding Chiss territory .
starwars	Jabba demanded proof , which Dooku delivered in the form of a manipulated holographic recording allegedly showing Skywalker and Tano , who had found Rotta on Teth , harming the child , when in reality they were caring for it after he had fallen ill. Dooku told the crime lord that the Separatist Droid Army was initiating a rescue mission and would soon deliver the Huttlet to his father .
starwars	Sludgenews
poke	Her father wants to show which Pokémon she chose , and she brings her Torchic out .
poke	Team Rocket causes trouble from a machine by electrocuting and catching the Flying Pokémon .
muppet	Jowls is the wrinkly-faced member of the Muppets Tonight zydeco house band on Muppets Tonight . He can be seen whistling part of the Muppets Tonight theme song at the start of every episode . The whistling was done by Doug Legacy . He also spoke in Episode 108 Jason episode 108 , when Clifford asked him about a gig coming up on the weekend and Jowls replied , `` Yaow , yaow ... Ooo ... you cool ? '' and then Clifford replies , `` I dont understand what he says either . ''
starwars	When asked about what he had in mind when writing Lando Calrissian , author Kevin J. Anderson stated that he viewed Calrissian as `` a businessman with a bit of a shady past , trying to be reputable , but things do n't always work out for him . ''
muppet	https//www.deviantart.com/thomperfan/art/Sesame-Street-book-club-Ft-Reese-Witherspoon-772037734
muppet	Fernandes also directed the non-Muppet productions Projects with Muppet crew Johnny and the Sprites , The Puzzle Place , Lomax The Hound of Music , and Reading Rainbow . He is married to Erica Levin , who was a producer on Bear in the Big Blue House .
starwars	Each Weld was held by a physically dominant male known as an `` alpha '' who ruled over a harem of 10 to 50 subservient females .
starwars	The LucasArts Archives Vol .
poke	Swampy worries all of that Mudkip 's friends will leave and it wo n't have even a trainer to look up to .
poke	The man appears , who is the Ranger of the Preserve , named Morita and offers help .
starwars	Their time became a battle of wits , as Skywalker and Rey were equally stubborn .
starwars	The species ' name and a brief backstory were provided by the StarWars.com episode guide for `` The Clone Wars '' episode `` Corruption . ''
starwars	Unlike the standard trooper , who was mostly trained in ground operations , these specialists were trained in aerial combat .
starwars	Originally a teacher , Lennox was fired for sadism and turned to a career as a criminal .
poke	Flannery promises to learn more and make her grandfather proud that she is a Gym Leader .
starwars	Karkko felt he was superior to the compelling nature of soup consumption and cited his Jedi training as the reason why such shortcomings had no affect on him .
poke	Kain 's Spinda uses Hypnosis , but it is reflected off a mirror , so Spinda falls asleep .
poke	The girl comes and tries to walk around with her bag full of berries , and trips over .
poke	Corphish is mad , so it tackles the trolley where Max and May have fallen into , causing May and Max to drift deeper into the tunnels .
muppet	Lufthansa , or Deutsche Lufthansa , is the leading flag carrying ) German airline that was founded in Berlin in 1926 , and operates worldwide . In April 2014 , the company launched a promotional partnership with the Muppets to promote Muppets Most Wanted the German-language dub of Muppets Most Wanted .
muppet	The reissue did not have the chalkboard or the inserts , but the gatefold had a bunch of new `` Learn Your Letters '' cartoon art which had no direct correlation to the songs . -- User Sojambi Pinola 1715 , 5 July 2006
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 0623 , 7 August 2009
starwars	The Baobab Merchant Council was an organization on the planet Manda .
poke	Max , however , promises to find a Pokémon , just like the taller one 's Surskit .
muppet	Peter , under house arrest , complains to Lois that he can ’ t watch TV anymore , as every show has been mashed in with one another . He watches the following program , Wikipedia Homicide Life on the Homicide Life on Sesame Street , which the announcer warns , “ contains adult content that is brought to you by the letter H . ''
muppet	The puppet was also used in episode 203 Heather episode 203 during The Hardy The Hardy Pig Boys sketch .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Grover ! Ready for Action page .
muppet	This shows working title was Sesame World Wide Kids .
starwars	Shaa disagreed with him , so he proved his point to her by killing her during a duel .
poke	While May and Drew call their Pokémon back , the submarine takes everyone into the depths of the sea .
starwars	He has now gone so insane that he plans to wipe out every single living being and thing in the galaxy .
starwars	Home One , also known as Headquarters Frigate , was a modified MC80A `` Home One '' Type Heavy Star Cruiser of the Alliance Fleet , famous for its role as Admiral Gial Ackbar 's flagship during the decisive battle fought at Endor .
poke	The Professor wants to study more about Clamperl 's evolutions , Huntail and Gorebyss .
poke	The heroes supports Romeo , but Romeo warns he messes up when he and Volbeat are with Juliet and Illumise .
muppet	Although he generally has been referred to as a canary , Big Birds precise species is unknown , and over the years , there have been varying explanations for his unusual size and appearance
starwars	It was managed by Colonel Icus Traft .
poke	However , he was quite pleased to see Flannery gave an excellent battle , knowing she will be a great Gym Leader .
muppet	Heya . We need to talk about big changes to the wiki like the skin and talk page text . Can we open up discussion either with other admins or the full community on Current Events ? Thanks ! Scott
poke	Briney admits he found this place by accident when he was a young sailor and comes here sometimes .
poke	Jimmy asks if they are here for the Pokémon Battle Judge Training Institute , a type of a school .
muppet	The song was removed from rotation on Sesame Street in 1984 , after a mother complained about the songs bridge
starwars	DS-181-4 also participated in battles between Rebel Alliance and Imperial forces in the Naboo , Tatoo , Corellian , Dantooine , and Karthakk systems during the Galactic Civil War .
poke	When Brock , Max and May mention he 's the fishing god , Sullivan gives them the other rods .
poke	While Max , Brock and Ash are amazed by Nurse Joy 's laboratory , she checks up on the Pokémon , with all of them being in good health .
muppet	Yay , its awesome to see you working on the Sesame Street Video Player Classic Clips ! Thatll be so helpful ...... --
poke	Instead , they need to make a food trail , to lure Claydol for the bait to save the village .
starwars	Several First Order sympathizers disabled the city 's defense grid , and killed the engineers who could reactivate them .
muppet	For `` Celia Says , '' thats not the actual song title at all , just something spoken in dialogue .
starwars	When the Clone Wars erupted , the Grand Army of the Republic came into existence to serve the Republic 's defense needs .
poke	Arbok and Weezing refuse , but Jessie and James point out they can only flee , since Ekans and Koffing need them .
starwars	A kyber crystal , simply known as a kyber , also called a lightsaber crystal , the living crystal and known in ancient times as a kaiburr crystal , were rare , Force-attuned crystals that grew in nature and were found on scattered planets across the galaxy .
starwars	Descorp was a restaurant supply corporation on Alderaan , owned and operated by the Alderaanian Christoph Jam , that supplied restaurants with spices and equipment .
starwars	Envoy-class shuttle
starwars	Unlike most other Stormtrooper armor , which generally utilized either distinct markings or pauldrons to indicate command rank positions on the field , Snowtrooper armor was one of the few sets of armor to have rank insignia plaques on the breastplate .
muppet	File Street Ruben Studdard And Elmo Sing Soul Ruben Studdard and Elmo
starwars	Both operations ended in disaster after the intervention of the merchant Mungo Baobab along with his droids C-3PO and R2-D2 .
poke	Liza introduces her father to the heroes , who says he always wanted to go to space to explore the Pokémon outside the planet .
starwars	The confusion continues with both Takeel and Zutton reversed from their Decipher CCG images .
starwars	Ace Azzameen and other A-wing pilots managed to defend the Corvette from the missiles , until `` Python '' completed the operation .
muppet	Fozzie So , when a guy phoned and asked me if Id like Jean Stapleton , I said that I dont wear jeans , and I certainly wouldnt want them stapled on . nobody laughs Stapleton . nothing Jeans . nobody laughs . Fozzie wiggles his ears . Ears . groans . to Kermit Help me . covers his face Is it too late to go into hibernation ?
poke	Brock sends Lombre and Mudkip to use Water Gun , however Wobbuffet absorbs the attacks .
muppet	I found a listing for an Australian version of SS1 ; Axis Records , AXIS-6288 , 1974 . No picture . Are you collecting info on the international releases ? I know you like those two original albums a lot . --
starwars	Multi-Troop Transports were themselves deployed from within C-9979 landing craft , which carried eleven MTTs each .
poke	Elsewhere , Harley claims May 's victory was pure luck and promises to encounter her again , under different circumstances .
muppet	I really think the performer box should say `` Jerry Nelson
muppet	For example , is the first appearance of a Muppet Show character the production date , the NY airdate , or the London airdate ? We ran into that before and its tricky . So , I vote just the year for the Character Box .
poke	Pikachu starts with Thunderbolt on Walrein , but Quagsire comes and negates the attack , since it is a Ground-type Pokémon , too .
muppet	RTL-Spendenmarathon is an annual 24-hour telethon on German network Wikipedia RTL , benefiting multiple childrens organizations around the world . As of November 21 , 2015 , the telethon has raised a total of 143 million Euros .
poke	Team Rocket spies , and as usual , Meowth thinks that the boss would be amused with Mawile 's ribbon dance and it would cool him down after a bath , plus it would serve as a pillow .
muppet	We Hardly Heard Ya is Johnny Johnny Fiamas Greatest Hits album . He advertises it with Sal Minella on Episode 105 Cindy episode 105 of Muppets Tonight . The `` commercial '' is narrated by A. Ligator , and includes some interesting disclosures from Sal about Johnnys tax status and debt .
poke	Swellow has no difficulty flying inside the tornado , so charges after the ring .
starwars	Han , C-3PO , and Chewbacca reunite with the escaped Skywalker , who has managed to escape the wrecked ship .
poke	James is annoyed by Aron and starts angering it , causing Aron to howl and summoning a pack of Aron .
muppet	Mickey Mouse went on to star in dozens of theatrical cartoons , and in 1932 , Disney received an Honorary Special Academy Academy Award for the creation of Mickey Mouse . Four of Mickeys starring shorts also received Academy Award nominations for Best Animated Short Subject . Fred Moore , one of the key animators on Mickey , described the character in a 1930s analysis sheet for studio artists Mickey seems to be the average young boy of no particular age ; living in a small town , clean living , fun loving , bashful around girls , polite , and as clever as he must be for the particular story . In some pictures he has a touch of Fred Astaire ; in others of Charlie Chaplin , and some of Douglas Fairbanks , but in all of these there should be some of the young boy .
starwars	In that year , he began cheating on his wife with a holovid actress .
poke	As they ride a trolley , May claims they have to dress up as ghosts , but Max has his doubts .
poke	Team Rocket taunts them and Jessie releases missiles to hurt the Relicanth ; Ash sends Corphish , using Bubble Beam to destroy the missiles in time .
starwars	In 0 BBY , the team led by Manda D'ulin consisted of six warriors , including herself , Karoly D'ulin , Pav D'armon , Shada D'ukal , Sileen and Cai , together with two heavy starfighters , `` Skyclaw '' and `` Mirage '' .
muppet	Loftons last on-camera role was in a 1987 The Twilight Zone segment . He shifted to writing thereafter , scripting over half a dozen TV movies including Bump in the Night . He co-wrote the screenplay for the 1997 film version of Robinson Crusoe starring Pierce Brosnan .
muppet	Scooter has also appeared in The Muppets Go Hollywood , John Denver
starwars	Anj Rujj/Legends
poke	May loses more and more points , as Brock points out May 's timing and attacks are way off .
starwars	Ziggurat
muppet	The Snowths recently appeared in Studio DC Almost Live ! where they sang backup for Miley Cyrus performing her song `` G.N.O . `` . Previously , they also appeared in the 2005 `` Bandanana '' commercial for the Australian charity CanTeen , in which they , along with Mahna Mahna , wore green bandanas . On November 17 , 2011 , they appeared on Good Morning America , and were performed by Matt Vogel and Peter Linz .
poke	Ash wants to stay more on the island to train , an idea Brock , May and Max approve of .
muppet	An announcer says that today on Sesame Street is the story of the Cloud Who Wanted To Leave the Sky , starring http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Rosita Rosita as the sun , http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Elmo Elmo and http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Lexine Lexine as the prince and princess , http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Luis Luis as the carrot , and http//muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Bob Bob as the little cloud who wanted to leave the sky .
starwars	Unknown to Delta , Skirata was also hunting for Ko Sai , but for his own reasons : he wished to use the Kaminoan scientist to find a way to halt the accelerating aging that plagued the Grand Army 's millions of clones .
poke	Birch claims the boy is also interested in Huntail , but the boy denies , stating he is interested in Gorebyss .
muppet	Yeah , sorry about that - I admittedly got a bit lazy there . Here you go !
starwars	The bridge officer informs Commander Pyre and Agent Tierny that one of their orbital probes transmitted an image of Kazuda Xiono and the `` Fireball '' .
poke	Suddenly , Bagon descends down to attack , so the heroes flee , causing Bagon to destroy a rock .
muppet	Hi Kyle , I deleted the pages you created for episodes 2938 and 3264 ... we dont need to create articles when we dont have any more information than the only page that links to it . Let me know if you have any questions about that . Scott
starwars	Kordi reassures her younger brother that they are save from M-OC while Roger makes some repairs .
starwars	Hiroth Besh was a moon located in the Hoth system .
poke	At the village the heroes speak with two people , who state when the Absol came from the mountain , the disaster soon followed the village .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1710 , January 11 , 2011
starwars	Unable to question the other player , he unhappily accepted the loss .
starwars	( Expanded Universe ) '' that ranked the five most evil deeds in the `` Star Wars '' Expanded Universe .
muppet	Baileys other TV army stints are highlighted by Sgt . Luther Rizzo , the shifty motor pool head , on M * A * S * H. Also showing an affinity for police work , the actor played Captain Harris in the Police Academy movies .
poke	Pelipper ( with Magby inside ) uses Flamethrower , and May enters the building and ends up finds Anthony , who ca n't move as he was bound and gagged by Team Rocket .
starwars	The glass dome that acted as the Tower 's roof collapsed and rained glass down onto the Jedi , and a being wearing a red enviro-suit and wielding a lightsaber burst into the chamber .
starwars	The governors , Moffs , and Grand Moffs agreed but with the requirement that they too would be granted seats in the Senate and that their votes would be weighted for the number of worlds they controlled .
poke	Meowth tries to convince Skitty should be given to the boss , to make him happier .
starwars	But their relief was short-lived once Serji-X Arrogantus and his gang attacked .
muppet	We just took that phrase off of the blacklist -- its probably fine now without it . So well be able to move this page to the proper title as soon as the cache clears -- maybe in a day ? Im just posting this as a reminder . --
muppet	In 2017 , Harris appeared in https//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zHRKXIlQlzc a video to promote the crowdfunding campaign for the Museum of the Moving Images The Jim Henson Jim Henson exhibit .
poke	Team Rocket is terrified by its size , but Jessie tells Meowth to capture it , so they release a device to pull it .
muppet	Many actresses auditioned for the role of Sarah , including Helena Bonham Carter , Jane Krakowski , Yasmine Bleeth , Sarah Jessica Parker , Mary Stuart Masterson , Laura Dern , Maddie Corman , Kerri Green , Lili Taylor , Laura San Giacomo , Ally Sheedy , Mia Sara , and Marisa Tomei .
starwars	Demolition : Prima 's Official Strategy Guide
starwars	Since then , bursas appeared across the galaxy , mostly as pets to the Hutts or in circuses .
poke	Roxanne asks Ash to postpone the battle , since she has to teach her students , so Ash accepts her offer .
muppet	So that was my rationale . Sorry , I know it was annoying to do that while you were gone ... --
muppet	Whats the source for 1987 ? This toy appears in the CTW Products Catalog from 1986 . --
muppet	Image Style Character Style Jim Hensons Muppets Style cover picture } }
poke	Corphish waves Ash 's hand , but it is too strong and throws Ash behind itself .
starwars	Widespread violence led to untold deaths , while An Devi used the information revealed by Dairoki to enlist Jinn and Tamarik into helping him quell the chaos .
poke	Machop is tired , so it uses Cross Chop , but gets hit by Treecko 's Quick Attack and is knocked down .
poke	Ash thinks it 's cool watching them , and as May doubts this would work , Brock tries to get Mary to dance with him , but gets pulled by Max .
muppet	Hi Shane , where did you find this screenshot of BDM and Tony from the `` Windy '' song from Sesame Street ? Was it like from a German video or something ? And is the video still up on YouTube or did it actually get removed ?
starwars	Having had a change of heart , Latara decided to return home with her friends .
muppet	Hi Alex -- Whats your source for creating the Adam T. Glaser page ? Ive never heard of him before ... --
poke	The game sometimes succeeds in loading `` some '' Pokémon data as many times 94 's name appears as the name of one of the Pokémon in that area ( like Rattata in Route 1 ) yet it is still the same glitch .
starwars	It was active during the year 4 ABY .
muppet	Any news if Abbys on tonight ? -- Zanimum 1934 , 18 August 2006
poke	The group sees nothing inside but wall paintings ( which they take pictures of ) and move out on a helicopter .
muppet	This tired-looking dog appears in the UK spot for Episode 414 Liza Minnelli . Does he have a name ? Theres a whole bunch of mystery dogs , actually . -- Danny Toughpigs 2242 , 22 February 2006
starwars	A skirmish occurred aboard the `` Coronet '' , the personal starship of Duchess Satine Kryze , during the Clone Wars .
poke	Max explains his problem , to which the inventor suggests going to Devon Corporation , a company that makes a lot of inventions , even one that makes Pokémon .
muppet	Set many years before the events of The Dark Crystal , Jim Henson ’ s classic 1982 movie , The Dark Crystal Age of Resistance returns to the world of Thra with an all-new adventure . When three Gelfling discover the horrifying secret behind the Skeksis ’ power , they set out on an epic journey to ignite the fires of rebellion and save their world .
poke	Jessie and Meowth have captured the Pokémon , so Meowth needs to get James and get out .
starwars	Mase
poke	Next , the wave would push Team Rocket on the submarine with Groudon inside and everyone would be happy .
starwars	It was later theorized that the disease was created by a slave species because it had only infected the Builders themselves .
starwars	Her character was later featured as a card in the `` Star Wars '' Customizable Card Game .
muppet	Hi . It seems you have a previous account , as User101
starwars	Later , she called the Solos after they learned of the presence of the Emperor 's Hand on the planet and assumed it was her .
poke	Max realizes the Granite Cave is a complex of tunnels and must 've fallen into a deep level .
muppet	New Elmos World segments included the subjects of Elmos World Friends , Elmos World Penguins , Elmos World Doctors , Elmos World Building Building Things , Elmos World Horses , and Elmos World Fast and Fast
poke	94 is a glitch Pokémon found only by using GameShark codes to encounter a `` gentleman '' Pokémon trainer in the wild and using the steal trainer Pokémon cheat before the battle shows the gentleman coming into view .
muppet	I dont think this page is necessary . Most game shows are covered in Sesame Street Game Shows , and whatever new info is needed can be put there . -- MuppetDude 1411 , 22 May 2009
starwars	As the oldest daughter , Sarna was set to inherit the business .
starwars	The code was activated at the Space Battle at Kuat , when ships of the Rebellion attacked a shipyard over the planet .
muppet	Dr_NilesCrane You look beautiful in anything you wear , but whats your favorite color ?
muppet	February 16 , 1985 3rd Annual Masked Ball at Waldorf Astoria - w/ celebrity guests
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1429 , 15 March 2006
poke	However , they find out the Ursaring are in the hot spring , who blast them off .
poke	Pikachu recovers and jumps to Ash , who apologizes for not sensing this trouble sooner .
starwars	Vanto thinks that Scath , Polcery and Tanoo were conspiring with Nightswan to export doonium inside shellfish .
starwars	Previously , Rey had also warned BB-8 not to traverse the Sinking Fields , but the droid had already decided that it would stay with her .
poke	Weezing and Arbok witness everything , but , as they lead Ekans and Koffing away from the area , they start crying , seeing their friends are getting beaten up .
starwars	The bell-shaped hull of the `` Droch '' -class boarding ships produced by the Colicoid Creation Nest were loosely based on toothspike raptors .
starwars	When she checks on him , Ezra tells her that something has changed and that he has to talk to Hera .
muppet	Anthony posted that clip on my wall awhile ago asking about that performer . I can hear Kathy , but I dont think it would be her . My next guess was someone like Lara MacLean .
poke	Brock asks Kelly for the Omelette restaurant , but Kelly says they should n't go there , for it is not as popular today .
starwars	Baras ' apprentice managed to manipulate the two criminals into fighting each other , giving the Imperial Commander Lanklyn time to escape .
poke	Armaldo tries to get out , but with no success , since the vehicle is made out of hard metal .
poke	Later , they figure out that these Lotad are taken care of three sisters , Nicole , Natalie and Rita , which are holding a flower shop with many kinds of Berries .
poke	Before they sail off , a girl decides to accompany them to Island C. Inside a cave , the girl tells them when the Clamperl is placed into the cave water , they evolve to Huntail .
starwars	The Boztrok Shrine of Kooroo was mentioned in the `` Galaxywide NewsNets '' feature of West End Games ' `` Star Wars Adventure Journal 13 '' , which was published in May 1997 .
muppet	`` Mama Dont Allow , '' which with lyrical variations has become a popular standard , was performed by Dudley Moore on piano , with accompaniment from M.A.M.M.A. , in The Muppet Show Episode 407 Dudley episode 407 .
starwars	He was also given the task of overseeing the selection and training of new ARC trooper recruits .
starwars	The Hethar system was located in the Atrivis sector of the Outer Rim Territories .
poke	Just as Annie and her husband admire Armaldo , Team Rocket appears and capture Armaldo in a net .
poke	Abby removes the bandages , making Pikachu almost recognizing Meowth , who is nervous .
poke	Just as Team Rocket succeed in stealing the gang ’ s Pokémon , Wattson and Watt appears and rescues the Pokémon from their evil clutches .
poke	Timmy , however , gets visited by his own mother , who watches her son 's successes .
muppet	H.G . Wells was an English writer whose works were published in dozens of novels and short story collections . Along with Jules Verne , he is considered one of the early architects of science fiction , laying the groundwork for such later authors as Isaac Asimov , 2001 A Space Arthur C. Clarke , Waldo ( remote Robert A. Heinlein , and It Came from Outer Ray Bradbury .
muppet	`` Shell Game with Cookie Monster ''
starwars	`` Escape from Darth Vader '' is set at World of Reading level 1 and focuses on the opening events of the as Leia Organa evades Darth Vader and provides R2-D2 with stolen Death Star plans .
muppet	Also , do you have any stats for who is playing the game , how many people , where theyre playing it , etc ? Thanks !
starwars	After an intense ten minutes of combat , the camp was taken .
starwars	Trevor Logan
poke	Ash and May have come to the top and Torkoal strikes Magneton , blasting it off .
starwars	Horn drove them off using his ion cannon , which attracted Nive 's attention .
starwars	As he rose through the Imperial ranks , Oicunn was looked upon as a model soldier , who showed an ideal mix of loyalty towards his ruined homeworld , and fidelity to the Galactic Empire .
starwars	Kuat Freight Port was one of two enormous space stations that controlled traffic flow into the Kuat system .
poke	Drew spots a bush full of berries and May follows him , but they fall from the edge to the river .
starwars	Anne Gerety
starwars	In this period , the High Tower boasted command facilities comparable to a Star Destroyer , heavy defensive weaponry , and a hangar stocked with a full wing of TIE scouts .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0321 , January 6 , 2011
muppet	`` Somethings Cookin '' is an original musical piece written for The Muppets Take Manhattan .
muppet	A new user added some trivia to this page which needs a source . Scott
muppet	Fairies are fictional wish-granting beings , usually winged , who populate fairy tales . Most often serving as godmother to the protagonist , fairies have appeared frequently in Muppet/Henson productions . They tend to be less competent than their literary counterparts , however .
starwars	Later , R2-D2 and C-3PO escape Imperial forces aboard the `` Tantive IV '' during the secret mission to Tatooine .
starwars	Storinal was an Outer Rim world .
starwars	The four rebels managed to rescue two infants named Alora and Pypey from the Fifth Brother and the Seventh Sister but were unable to defeat the two Inquisitors in combat .
starwars	Once on Coruscant , Thrawn and Vanto found themselves in the center of an award ceremony attended by various admirals and Grand Moff Tarkin .
muppet	In the 1970s and 1980s , for budgetary reasons , a few of the co-productions used the same merchandise . It was never explained to the consumers where the foreign characters came from or why they never appeared on the respective shows . Examples of crossover media include
muppet	In 1983 , it was rated 10 , because the movie has moments of anguish , fear , and mild violence . But on Netflix , the movie was rated for all ages ( Livre para todos os Netflixs brazillian site . `` L '' means `` Livre para todos os públicos '' .
starwars	Though Xist managed to score a glancing blow to Kenobi 's shoulder—causing the Jedi noticeable pain—he was ultimately defeated , dropping his whip when Kenobi kicked him in the abdomen .
muppet	These episodes are available on demand from HBO on the TV , or on streaming providers . So thats whats meant by `` airing '' .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1632 , 2 July 2009
muppet	Four more were released in 1988 Count it Higher Great Music Videos from Sesame Street , The Best of Ernie and Bert , The Alphabet Game , and Big Birds Favorite Party Games .
starwars	Robert J. Schwalb
muppet	In 1980 , JC Penney sold a set of two Sesame Street plush chairs , in the likeness of Cookie Monster and Oscar the Grouch .
poke	Brock gives May some jelly for Beautifly , since he has been preparing that for this moment .
muppet	Brian Henson also recently directed Farscape The Peacekeeper Wars . He performed Augustus Pfiffle in Late Night Buffet with Augie and Del , a puppet-hosted , improvisational talk show , in which he has joined once again with Bill Barretta , who performed co-host Delbert Kastle . He is also involved with Puppet Up . In 2007 , Barretta and Henson wrote , produced , and directed LOGOs Tinseltown , and they perform the puppets of Bobby Vegan and Samson Knight . He also directed and is executive producer of Sid the Science Kid .
poke	Jessie tells the fans Juan will give the autographs , but only if they pay , shocking them .
muppet	Hey , Nate , busy as the Charles Dickens of late , but could you save Adam Rodriguez for me ) hell be in episode 4270 ) ? Not so much that Im a huge fan , havent really watched the series even , but you know how I love mystery connections , since hes actually spoofing his persona as a detective character in the episode . --
starwars	The belief in redemption , originating with Padmé Amidala , and continued on by Luke Skywalker , was a powerful weapon the Skywalkers used to battle the dark side from within and without .
poke	Despite this , Slaking is not tired , as Norman points out strength is required to win as well .
starwars	Members of the Jedi Council could attend Council meetings via hologram if absent from Coruscant or otherwise unable to be there physically .
poke	Michelle understands , seeing she and Bagon need to believe in Bagon 's power and never give up on getting it to evolve .
poke	Brock wonders if they were his rice balls , though Team Rocket notices `` the bigger twerp '' and greet him .
starwars	Kenobi is instructed to watch over Vos and execute him if his true loyalties are revealed .
starwars	Vastly outnumbered , Farlander appeared to move cautiously at first but , as he approached Yun-Yammka , he ordered a change of formation from an extended line into a compact , pointed blade and opened fire at Yun-Yammka 's extended line .
muppet	The Muppets have also appeared on merchandise created specifically for the Disneyland Resort , including Disney pins , Muppet Christmas ornaments ( Disney Christmas ornaments , Vinylmation , and Pook-a-Looz .
poke	The heroes do so , but the Team Rocket ties them up and steal Pikachu and Whismur , then take off their disguises .
muppet	Do any of us know when the `` Jim Hensons Sesame Street Muppets '' credit began being used on Sesame Street or related merchandise ? I think it might be interesting to note this on this page , but I dont know when it started . According to the credit crawls on Old School Volume 1 , the first season credits read `` Puppets by the Muppets '' , and starting in the second season , the credits read `` Puppets by Jim Hensons Muppets '' . The credits for Christmas Eve on Sesame Street also refer to them solely as `` Jim Hensons Muppets '' , rather than `` Jim Hensons Sesame Street Muppets '' . I know that the `` Jim Hensons Sesame Street Muppets '' credit started being used by the mid-1980s , if not earlier . Im not too sure whetehr this credit was used in books or albums before it was used on the show , but it would be interesting to figure out and list when they were first credited as `` Jim Hensons Sesame Street Muppets '' , especially since Sesame Street is the only television sereis where The Muppets are credited with their series title alongside the word `` Muppets ''
poke	James and Meowth notice how Jessie 's is purple and May 's is white ( Jessie 's Wurmple had in fact evolved into a Cascoon ) , but decide not to say anything to Jessie .
poke	Chimecho uses Heal Bell , who emits a calming sound to relieve everyone from stress .
poke	Jessie thinks Baltoy need to be stopped , so James orders Chimecho to use Astonish .
starwars	The hunter , reminded of a brother who had died young , took the child under their protection .
starwars	He advises them to stay in their domiciles until further notice .
starwars	The Vanguard , a larger ground vehicle also designed by Valkeri Enterprises , held two Veil speeders at its rear .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2221 , September 17 , 2010
poke	Before she makes the finishing move , Jessie hears that she should capture it , so she throws the Poké Ball at Seviper , managing to catch it .
poke	Caroline hugs May and Max , noting the latter had even grown up a bit and greets Brock as well .
poke	As both teams try to regroup , Lance warns the orbs were used by people to control the Legendary Pokémon 's powers .
muppet	The Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade will be featured on a set of four US postage stamps , according to http//www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hDngYBY_bgKx43MxJrtfMnqWalSQD95CI8EO0 an announcement from the US post office . Maybe Kermit or Big Bird will be included , you never know . -- Zanimum 2048 , 29 December 2008
muppet	Muppet Centrals has a news article about the video player http//muppetcentral.com/news/2007/120607.shtml here . The article , written by Phil Chapman , says in two places that theres more coming
muppet	Super Star Heroes featured Kermit the Frog on the cover and an behind-the-scenes article on the making of The Muppet Movie in the October 1979 issue . The issue also featured a centerfold pull-out poster of Muppets the Muppets .
muppet	Count Up to Nine there seems to be some confusion in the scripts between The Count song and this sketch . Ill dig around and get back to you .
muppet	I know this isnt much to go on but again , any help ..... -- User 25 August 2007
poke	Meowth disguises himself as Aipom , Murkrow and Azurill , but with the rush , he transforms himself into a Persian/Sunflora/Aipom/Pikachu Pokémon .
muppet	I was suprised Televisions Greatest Hits , Volume 3 70s
muppet	In an early draft of the script , the song is referred to instead as `` Were Gon na Be a Movie . ''
poke	Brock thinks Norman ca n't understand women well , though Kenny wonders if he has to draw a map to Norman to show the problem .
starwars	They were part of the Empire 's new C-Class units and were created in Timira City on Kamino like the other units of this program .
muppet	Now , in the 35th Anniversary special , Piggy wants to be Cinderella -- but as far as I know , only Piggy and Gonzo appear in that special . The person who uploaded the video says this is from a Euro Disney Christmas special from 1989 , but in the comments , people are saying that isnt true . So , Ive got nothing . Anybody know where this is from ? Its great ... --
muppet	The sources arent appearing at the bottom . I tried to fix it , but theyre still not showing , and Im at a loss at this point as to why . ProfessorTofty
poke	Brock and Briney also explain that the fact Sharpedo are usually independent and are rarely organized in a group .
muppet	In addition , he is an admin on Muppet Wiki Muppet Wiki , designing the sites current logo , and background .
muppet	How would you guys feel about merging this category with Character Variants ? The distinction between the two categories makes sense to me , because Ive been here while weve come up with the pages , but Im not sure that it would make sense to a new reader . Theyre very similar kinds of pages , and I think they could all work together in the same category . --
starwars	After the planet 's destruction , which Alderaanians who were off-world took to calling `` the Disaster , '' the Rebel Alliance managed to destroy the Death Star during the Battle of Yavin .
poke	Ash tries to bring out Bayleef , but realizes he left her with his other Pokémon in Oak 's lab .
muppet	This sounds like Steve Zuckerman , but I need corroboration . https//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=UqwHLQ1azyo Does anyone know for sure ? Peace . MuzikJunky
poke	They go off from it , so James suggests to search for Meowth , but Jessie thinks they should return to the base .
poke	While having sandwiches for lunch , the heroes are visited by a man named Poncho and his Ludicolo .
muppet	Where does this project lie ? Should it be included here , or in the henson-alternative.wikia ? I was going to create a gallery of Changs outfits/alternate identities , and a From the Balcony style ep-guide . -- Zanimum 2132 , April 3 , 2010
poke	Combusken , now freed , counterattacks with Fire Spin , encasing Chimecho and causing James to cry .
muppet	Kingsman The Secret Service is a 2014 action comedy based on a comic book series by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons . It focuses on an elite British spy agency , using a tailor shop as a front and King Arthurian code names , and its young new recruit Eggsy . A sequel followed in 2017 , Kingsman The Golden Circle .
muppet	Its a neat tool for finding pages that are in multiple categories , and I have no idea why it isnt on by default . For example , you could pull a list of every person who has been a guest star on both Sesame Street and the Muppet Show . Or songs that have been used on both shows . Also , while the interface page is only set up for two categories , the API call is not limited and can be edited to find pages in any number of categories .
muppet	I was curious if it were acually stil intact out there somewhere , or if it was taken out when Henson moved out of the building .
starwars	Terrina Square was a public plaza on the world of Quellor .
poke	Brock kicks the ball and scores 10 points and starts bragging about his skills .
muppet	Seven of the titles .
starwars	Lawquane family
poke	Unfortunately , Bulbasaur is overwhelmed by the audience and it becomes scared , then goes behind May .
muppet	In 2019 , following the internets reaction to the discovery of `` Cracks , '' Studio 360 host Kurt Andersen began an investigation into who created the segment . He spoke directly with Sesame Street executive producer Benjamin Lehmann , who showed the insert was easily accessible in Sesame Street ’ s digital archive . Lehmann did not know why the short became so obscure , but suggested the liberal use of the term `` crack '' could have been viewed as inappropriate during the War on Drugs in the 1980s .
muppet	Im still trying to fix links since theres yet another Turkey that factors in .
starwars	Once she had finished communicating with Elgrin , Shesh asked Denua Ku to allow her to study Yuuzhan Vong technology , aware that her time was running out and that she needed to prove herself useful in other areas .
starwars	`` Simple Tricks '' also tied into events depicted in `` Children of the Jedi '' and `` Darksaber '' .
poke	However , Max starts having suspicions and goes to check out what is coming from the drums the squad is playing .
poke	Seeing there could be something , James and Jessie bring Cacnea and Seviper out .
starwars	As the unconscious Finn recovers in the medical unit , Rey kisses him on the head and thanks him for everything .
muppet	If you really feel you need the images , Archive.org has a https//web.archive.org/web/20200107161621/https//muppet.fandom.com/wiki/Sesame_Street_goofs ? diff=1242304
poke	The man introduces Peeko to May , though Peeko hides behind the man , since it is quite shy .
starwars	As Roshuir 's troops prepared to depart , Clynn informed him that Sunber had turned a blaster on him during a disagreement over disciplining a prisoner .
muppet	Anyone know Robins current performer , since Jerry Nelson retired ? -- -- User and Bert Jesse
poke	Jessie starts bragging how her Wurmple is great , but both Wurmple begin to shine and evolve into two Silcoon .
muppet	Four sketches were included in their entirety on the video Big Birds Story Time , although Kermits pre-on camera comments were cut out , as well as the News Flash logos and references to it being a news broadcast . The `` Rapunzel '' sketch was included on Old School Volume 1 , and is the only uncut News Flash segment available on DVD . The sketch where Don Music writes `` Mary Had a Bicycle '' was included in Sing Yourself Silly .
starwars	It contained the planet Crakull , homeworld of the sentient Croke species , who eventually settled the Croke Reach region .
muppet	The CD might have more songs , and there might be more than one edition of this . --
muppet	Hey , sorry about all of those uploaded and unused pictures . Some of them were ones that I couldnt fit in the article , and I tried deleting them , but couldnt figure it out . Scooter 1556 , 14 August 2006
muppet	Hey , Danny , I saw where you took out a complete date for the Koch Christmas CD . Do you not like complete dates , or do you just not like it there ? I had put it there , since we give the complete dates for books and movies in their boxes , but a reissue is kind of a special case , since the box was already being used for the original release . Id still like to track complete dates for new CDs , now that were hopefully going to see more of them , so I could put it in the bottom gallery . Would that be better ? Let me know so I can make all of the Koch match . Thanks ! --
muppet	Although the rights to Kermit the Frog are owned by The Walt Disney Company , Sesame Workshop currently has permission from Disney to show old Kermit segments in Sesame Street home video and DVD productions , Play with Me Sesame , The Sesame Street Podcast , and online . However , his segments are rarely shown in current episodes of the show . Kermit made his first new appearance on Sesame Street since Disneys acquisition of The Muppets the Muppets in the Episode season 40 premiere episode , making a cameo in Elmos World Frogs , and also appeared on the cover of DVDs such as Silly Storytime and Best of Sesame Street Spoofs ! .
starwars	This may attest to the fact that the planet has long been controlled by the Hutts .
poke	Soon , the `` wings '' tied on back of the Chimecho free themselves and its tail falls down .
starwars	Nojonz Gang
muppet	Its amazing how much work youve done since I left for vacation . You finished the episodes from MCs rjschexs guides , updated the SS Video Player guides
poke	Max and Shuppet go on a ride , but it does not work , so Shuppet uses Psychic to turn it around .
poke	Spoink trips over and the pearl is deflected from rock to rock , until it reaches a Clamperl .
poke	Norman , Caroline , Nurse Joy , May , Max and Brock run towards Ash and Norman 's Pokémon .
starwars	Vehicle operators not wishing to guide their vehicles themselves had the option to relinquish control to the Traffic Central computers by selecting the `` autocontrol '' feature on the vehicle 's guidance panel .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-02-26T220307
poke	As he and Pikachu are crossing the river , Ash is intercepted by a bunch of Carvanha .
poke	Ash thinks they should be battled , but Max reminds him that they only got eight Pokémon .
starwars	The `` Gamma '' -class assault shuttle was subsequently used by the Confederation as a testing ground for their biochemical agent .
muppet	Brian moderates the next panel , celebrating the 25th Anniversary of The Muppet Show Jane Henson , Dave Goelz , Jerry Nelson , Karen Prell and Steve Whitmire . They start by talking about the pre-history of The Muppet Show , including the pilots -- The Muppets Valentine Show and Sex and Violence .
starwars	The suppression of the Aeos system was a bombardment conducted by the First Order on Aeos Prime in the Aeos system that took place following the Blockade of Dantooine , and was led by Commander Pyre and Agent Tierny .
muppet	Her appearances included a sketch with Cookie Monster and a scene with Super Grover .
muppet	`` Wikipedia Gobo '' is a lighting term used in film , television and theatre . In the context of the show , Gobo is named after his Uncle great-uncle Gobo , Traveling Matts uncle . In the language of the ancient Fraggles , `` Gobo '' means `` Take off your hat ! ''
starwars	The Torque system was a star system located within the Gordian Reach of the Outer Rim Territories that contained the planet Torque .
muppet	Wheels , Flutes and Crowns are food snacks made by Kraft Heinz General Foods Canada . Jim Henson made a test pilot commercial for the product . Jim Hensons Designs and Doodles Jim Hensons Designs and Doodles gives detail on the commercial
muppet	The sprightly anthem was performed by The Bun-Bun Brothers in The Muppet Show Episode 420 Alan episode 420 , a cute act interrupted by Alan Arkin .
muppet	Another notable moment for Beaker is in `` Episode 208 Musical Musical Muppets , '' in which Beaker plays in a one-man band and then meeps to the tune of `` Row , Row , Row Your Boat , '' with the help of a bouncing ball .
muppet	Hey , I saw you took out Bueschers blank . I might have too just because its a blank , but Im not sure I follow your reasoning . So , only cameos in films wholly produced by the Jim Henson Company count ? Because if thats the case , wed have to nuke all the Ninja Turtles cameos . I think theres a big difference between that and appearances in films with no Creature Shop/Henson involvement whatsoever . --
muppet	Hi -- I noticed that you had saved a whole bunch of changes to Big Birds Birthday or Let Me Eat Cake . I just wanted to remind you that theres a `` Show Preview '' button you can use to see how your edits look . That way you can make a lot of changes at once without having to save everything over and over . Thanks for adding all those details ! --
starwars	The plan involved holding General Tycho Celchu , who had arrived as a diplomatic emissary from Chief of State Cha Niathal , semi-hostage and using Celchu 's clearance to land onboard with his son Ben , Saba , Leia , Han , and Iella Antilles along .
starwars	The Lucasfilm Fan Club Magazine 22
muppet	The companys Sony Wonder Technology Lab continued to play the Count it Higher video months after the association between the two companies ended .
poke	Lunatone and Solrock go to tackle Pikachu , but Swellow saves Pikachu by carrying him away , causing Lunatone and Solrock to bash into each other .
muppet	Dean Gordon directed the following Bear in the Big Blue House episodes
poke	Torkoal stands up and tries to kick , but fails and falls down , which makes it cry .
starwars	They had four long horns for defense and for the protection of their two long , sensitive ears .
starwars	In terms of story and cinematography , the series was directed as if it were a live-action series , and the episodes were produced in widescreen .
starwars	The economic worth of the system , and the Galactic Empire 's desire to prevent marauders and Rebel Alliance forces from acquiring large amounts of blaster gas , resulted in a permanent and impressive Imperial presence in the system .
starwars	Director Rian Johnson later identified him in the film 's audio commentary .
poke	While exploring Dewford Island , Ash and friends notice a large cave and Max states that it 's Granite Cave .
poke	The old man continues his secret as spicier Poké Blocks are suited for smarter Pokémon .
muppet	http//digilib.nypl.org/dynaweb/ead/nypl/ @ Generic__CollectionView ? DwebQuery=toby+towson
starwars	During the Galactic Civil War , Maediyu joined the Rebel Alliance 's 61st Mobile Infantry , better known as Twilight Company , during an open recruitment drive on the terrestrial body Thession .
muppet	Hey , Scott just added information that says your books coming out on May 25 ! So I guess youre done ! Just wanted to make sure you saw it ! --
muppet	The Kings Beard is a The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss storybook adapting the first season episode `` Episode 103 The Kings The Kings Beard '' .
starwars	Although they managed to secure the planet , Sarne escaped with the majority of his fleet into the Kathol sector .
muppet	http//fr.youtube.com/watch ? v=TlHTa0JpvbQ Bat-Power 0832 , 10 July 2008
starwars	One poster of a New Republic soldier in the foreground , with the shadow of a Hutt in the background suggested several things .
muppet	During the 1980s , Kennedy worked as a research assistant in the film and television department of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York . In this role , she was billed onscreen as coordinating producer for the Sesame Street special Dont Eat the Pictures , because it also made her the liaison between the specials production crew and Met Museums staff .
starwars	Some Jiivahar in the galaxy became involved with the Alliance to Restore the Republic , viewing the Galactic Empire as oppressive and opposed to their beliefs .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket is depressed they did not steal anything in quite some time .
poke	Steven comes to the place , where the Aron came out to chase away Ash , Brock and James .
starwars	Asset R-27 was a member of the intelligence network that served the independent operative known as the Shroud during the Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire .
starwars	Leia replies that she finds it hard to hope now due to her mistake in trusting Trios .
muppet	Cliff MacGillivray is a writer who scripted the third season Dog City Dog City episode `` Episode 305 Reduce , Reuse , Reduce , Reuse , Retrieve . ''
muppet	Redgrave made her film debut in the 1958 movie Behind the Mask and went on to starring roles in A Man for All Seasons , and won her Academy Award for the title role in Julia . Later films include Howards End , The Cradle Will Rock , and Mrs. Dalloway . From 2004 until 2005 , she played a recurring guest role on the TV series Nip/Tuck as Erica Noughton .
muppet	To continue editing Muppet Wiki dont forget to log back in .
starwars	In 3960 BBY , Ell 's Padawan fell to the dark side of the Force after the war 's final battle at the planet Malachor V. The Padawan fell as a result of Sith teachings imparted by Revan , who had become the Dark Lord of the Sith of a new Sith Empire .
starwars	As a result , the New Republic was faced with two major problems : they could not drop the energy shield around the planet in case an asteroid hit the heavily populated cityscape , nor could they allow space traffic near the planet in case of collision .
starwars	In the year 58 BBY , Mereel returned to his homeworld as the Mandalorian Civil War spilled onto Concord Dawn .
starwars	Captivity was the site of the mountain peak known as Borolol 's Claw .
muppet	Hi , Henrik I love the Muppet Time characters that youve been adding ! The pictures are fantastic . I havent seen the Scary Mary skits , so I didnt know that Frecklehead was so funny ! --
muppet	The Count is bored one day , since he has nothing to count , not even his pet bats . He gets a great idea ... hell throw a party with twenty guests , twenty different kinds of food , a twenty-layer cake , and many more things that add up to twenty . His friends show up to the party Ernie , Bert , Cookie Monster , Oscar the Oscar , The Amazing Mumford , Big Bird , Super Grover , Herry Monster , Prairie Dawn , Biff , Sully , Betty Lou , Rodeo Rosie , Roosevelt Franklin , Bob , Mr. Hooper , Maria , Luis , and Susan .
poke	The Taillow flock are about to attack , but Brock 's alarm rings , since the stew is ready .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Brawly stops the attack , as the walls would be destroyed .
starwars	During her tenure as Queen of Naboo , Amidala possessed a white dress that came with a cape of silky petals , which imitated those of that flower species .
muppet	On September 7 , 2018 , it was renewed for a second season
starwars	Vizsla Keep 09 , also referred to as the Mandalorian asteroid outpost , was a supply outpost operated in the rings of Phelbos in the Bright Jewel system during the Clone Wars .
muppet	Waldorf Good Grief . Say , Statler , do you think `` The Muppet Show '' will be any better live ?
starwars	The Imperial Security Bureau , concerned that proof of Stanton Rendar 's possible survival and innocence could be a source of embarrassment to the Empire , ordered the informant eliminated before Rendar could learn the truth .
poke	Brock thinks this is not an obstacle , since Ash and Pikachu share a friendship and trust and should be able to hear each other .
poke	At the Pokémon Center , Max still wants to know how the Pelipper could perform those attacks .
starwars	He tries to rescue the girl crying for help , but to no avail .
muppet	Farscape Classics Volume Two is a Farscape soundtrack album featuring the music of composer Guy Gross . The album was produced as a `` limited edition '' of 1200 copies available exclusively on the internet .
poke	However , Max tells that the next Gym is in Lavaridge Town , causing Ash to argue with May to go to Lavaridge Town for the Badge .
muppet	Hey ! Just a quick double check , does the Muppets Tonight style guide you have
starwars	Ruwee and Jobal therefore decided to leave their beloved mountain village and took their family to live in Naboo 's capital city , Theed , where they hoped there would be more opportunities for Sola and Padmé .
starwars	Q : Question : the third Empire & Rebellion book by Hearne is annonced .
muppet	She appeared in the episode `` Episode 304 Indian Elephant
muppet	For a scary amount of information on Muppet earnings , check out my Google Spreadsheet at http//goo.gl/eQs79K
poke	However , Max spills a drink on May 's PokéNav and rather than suffer her wrath , Max tries to find a quick solution .
muppet	I understand your reasoning for making a table , but it doesnt help us to have an inaccurate portrayal of the episode like that . A guide of the episode will be made eventually , so be patient otherwise .
poke	As the wind blows , the masked man claims Drew would 've been even defeated in a Contest battle , then disappears .
starwars	Shortly after the Battle of Yavin , the Wookiee Kentara came into Harthusa 's possession , and the Devaronian sold him at auction to Quintarus Returyl , a representative of the Spice Mines of Kessel .
starwars	Kreel himself survived once stormtroopers of the Galactic Empire 's 501st Legion arrived on Chagar IX .
muppet	Cant Harriet be included under a Human Character Debuts heading or something ? -- User Cantus Rock 1625 , 12 September 2006
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Jbrangwynne53 Talk ) 1808 , August 15 , 2011
starwars	He provided them with Ion charges to be attached to security relays throughout the Palace , so that they could be detonated at once and disable the rebels ' shock collars .
poke	Max and May run off to rescue Torchic , but before Ash can warn them , they fall into a hole .
starwars	In addition , Commerce also passed on breakthrough technologies in the Science group to the corporations which served the Empire well .
starwars	First announced in July of the previous year at Comic-Con , the series would take place between 3964 and 3963 BBY , detailing the life of a brand new protagonist named Zayne Carrick , a Padawan framed for the murder of his fellow students at the Jedi Tower training academy on Taris .
poke	Brock believes Grovyle 's ability triggered when Ash showed his support , as well as the support of the Pokémon that were defeated recently .
poke	As they enter , they quickly leave , as many Voltorb , Magnemite and Magneton live inside .
muppet	One raced against Gobo Gobo and Wembley Wembley in `` Episode 221 Wembley and the Great Wembley and the Great Race '' . The other was on Rumple Rumples Rock Hockey team in `` Episode 317 Playing Till It Playing Till It Hurts '' .
muppet	Ive read the conversation below from last December , and I think it makes more sense to say that the Piggy scene wasnt included in the on-demand version that Scott saw . If the Nightline site says that Piggy was in the show , then I think thats a better source than the on-demand version ... What do folks think ? --
muppet	The Number of the Day A remake of the Number Song Series brings forth 1 .
starwars	Dayta 1
poke	Elisa and the others wanted to move the Trapinch , but they dig more , so nothing could be done about it .
starwars	Saleucami was originally colonized by Pantorans in 6100 BBY , dwelling within the fertile calderas outside of the equatorial zones .
poke	Tate and Liza are shocked why would Ash do that , as Brock tells Pikachu and Swellow try to store electricity up .
muppet	Over in the Meadow Shadows version includes two frogs in the sun by the sand , three ducks in the blue pond , four birds in the hollow oak tree , and five snakes at the shore by a rock .
muppet	The videos are pristine .
starwars	Instead , though , Donn modified Donos 's sniper rifle to fire the activation transmission in its laser beam .
muppet	Shane , what was this episodes production date ? A later date would explain things .
poke	Poncho is glad and dances with Ludicolo , though Ash thinks that is something they should keep private .
starwars	The scout reported Ilum as a great resonance , but did not find any sentient life or ruins on the planet .
starwars	Montross was allowed to leave , cursing Fett as he slipped off into exile , while Jango Fett became the new `` Mand'alor '' , leader of the Mandalorians .
poke	He sees Pikachu and grabs him , but soon gets on a boat with a man , who saved him .
poke	The boy yells at May and Max , but notices they are wearing shorts and have exposed kneecaps , making him glad to encounter `` his fellows '' .
muppet	Its great to see the updated version of the Elmo loves the wiki picture ! Thanks for making it ! --
muppet	Okay , one last thing we got this here video clip . Its a rare tape that some guy named Jim Henson made to sell the Muppet Show . It kinda sets the mood . So enjoy it , yhear ! Have a good show , and dont come to me for refunds . Amen .
starwars	The winged S'kytri woman Kaliska personally restrained Takara and used the Force to sweep the Sith princess into her arms .
poke	The deeper the group goes , the darker the sea is , so Adam switches the lights on , revealing some Water Pokémon .
muppet	Im still making my way through Thread237027 , so this is a big help !
poke	In a moment of confusion , Pikachu takes the Blue Orb , which gets absorbed into him .
starwars	The Confederate Navy 's most powerful battleship class , it had some design-similarities to both the `` Providence '' -class carrier/destroyer and the `` Recusant '' -class light destroyer , but was almost as large as five `` Venator '' -class Star Destroyers and totalled 4,845 meters in length .
starwars	It contained the planet Fest .
starwars	The city was buried five kilometers under the ground and sealed with a large metal door , and the Sentinel creature was locked within the confines of its home , unable to leave .
starwars	He was instructed to check with one of their envoys before missions as they would often have additional tasks that required doing , beyond those set by his superiors .
muppet	In 2014 , as an April Fools Day joke , The Perfume Shop announced fragrances for Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy on their social media accounts . The joke was explained by way of a video featuring Constantine who is initially outraged by the announcement , but the joke eventually dawns on him . For more news on the perfumes , press releases directed readers to www.badfrog.me , the website setup for Constantine to promote Muppets Most Wanted .
muppet	The Casting History currently lists David Rudman as playing Animal on SNL . In fact , David puppeteered Animal , but Eric Jacobson
poke	Team Rocket , disguised as technicians , works on a machine in the Pokémon Center .
muppet	So I accidentally found an ASCAP entry for what I believe is this song # 390373934 . The Henson database lists just Wade
muppet	I have no idea . All of the Tara finger puppets i have are much softer than these and the downside prints look different . I found a `` 1997 '' downside on Big Bird and Grover . I never saw one of these on cardboard or otherwise packaged . I can not say if they were boxed or sold loose ? ? ? Somebody must know ! ?
muppet	Seeing just how many Muppet-related comic books there are now , between BOOM/Archaia/TokyoPOP , would it make sense to split all of the writers and artists off to their own categories ? Currently , they appear in Illustrators and Authors . While neither of these categories are particularly unwieldly , I admit , but does anyone think this would be useful ? -- Zanimum 1645 , February 5 , 2010
muppet	Wendell also appeared in The Muppets A Celebration of 30 Years with Emmet Otter , Alice Otter , Harrison Fox and Gretchen Fox .
muppet	I am dividing two categories in this article First one is plush based on the American version
muppet	Hey , Jay ! Thanks for fixing the correct order of the Ernie and Bert 2-LP set . I just wanted to mention that you dont need to put the slash after `` br '' , because the slash only works to undo the function you just did . For example , when you have `` small '' in brackets , the first one makes the text small , and then `` /small '' undoes it . So you dont need to use a slash with `` br '' , because `` br '' just means `` break '' , and its used to make text go to the next line . Also , I wanted to mention that were using the LPs to confirm track order . Ive noticed that 8-tracks and cassettes sometimes have a different order . I didnt know if you knew that . Anyway , I hope all this helps ! --
poke	Ash reminds them they are going to Rustboro City , but Katrina allows them to stay here for a bit .
poke	After coming across a fair , James is approached by the same Magikarp Salesman who has made his life miserable in the past and offers to trade Feebas for the Pearl .
muppet	Hey , Danny , now that Im trying to clear my head and make sense of all the papers I brought home with me , can you look at the 3 yellow LPs you have ? I think one of them doesnt have a picture yet , and you have it . Also , can you scan Let a Frown Be Your Umbrella when you have a chance ? Well make that one the 1st edition , and then well put the different cover under it , like we have for Grover Sings the Blues and Letters and Numbers . Thanks ! --
poke	Ash holds Snorunt and promises not to let go , but he gets bashed on a rock and falls unconscious .
poke	Dustox attacks with Whirlwind , but Lombre evades and counterattacks with Razor Leaf .
poke	Nicholai taunts her for losing , saying that he does n't think her father will be difficult to beat since she is such an inexperienced trainer .
poke	Brock tries to impress Serena , but gets pulled away by Max , who states the former should visit the principal 's office .
muppet	I havent seen this episode , but from the description , I think the song Piggy sings should be called either `` Never on Sunday '' or `` Never on a Sunday . '' Can anyone confirm which it is . -- Peter
muppet	Remember to sign and timestamp your warnings by leaving four tildes .
poke	Ash and Brock rolled over , breaking the branch James and Jessie were sitting on .
starwars	Just then , Kaz enters the garage and tells Yeager that he should forgive his brother for whatever he did .
starwars	En route , however , his X-wing was pulled from hyperspace by the Imperial Interdictor cruiser `` Black Asp '' and destroyed .
starwars	Xim 's forces then turned rimward , moving from Kanaver to Janodral Mizar , before splitting to conquer Makem Te and Quermia , and turning south to Tinatorn and Pakuuni .
muppet	Famed vaudevillian Edgar Bergen . Bergen guest starred on Episode 207 Edgar episode 207 of The Muppet Show , accompanied by both Charlie and his other dummy , Mortimer Snerd . Bergens daughter , Candice Bergen , had previously appeared as a guest star on the series , and his wife Frances Bergen made a cameo in The Muppets Take Manhattan .
muppet	In the Farscape episode `` Episode 107 I , I , E.T . `` , Commander Ryymax is the military officer in charge of investigating the U.E.O. , which may have been a ship entering the planets atmosphere .
poke	A young 10-year-old girl , named May , rides her bike to meet Professor Birch , one of her father 's friends , to get a starter Pokémon and become a trainer .
muppet	Other places where this was on display included Kijkduin .
starwars	Working out of a research station on Imdaar Alpha , Batch spent years seeking an alternative to the depleted stygium crystals , developing a system based around hibridium .
poke	Victoria admits she never wins the battles , even if Vicky told her not to use Roselia this time .
poke	The Shroomish uses Stun Spore , so the heroes leave the area , causing Team Rocket to get paralyzed .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! - Andrew , Aleal 1944 , 17 February 2006
muppet	Keanan Duffty is a United British fashion designer and musician based in New York City .
muppet	Are there sponsors for Episode 0393 , which was just added ? Im tempted to think that they are `` I '' , `` R '' , and `` 9 '' , but have gotten reprimanded in the past for making changes to sponsors when I dont have any footage and/or sources to go back on myself . Thats why Im asking you , since you are an Admin . Just wondering . Thanks .
poke	May thinks he saw a Breloom instead , but Max promises to prove he saw a Cradily and runs away .
poke	Spoink puts on its head and hops away happy , which makes Torkoal cry , happy everything is back to normal .
muppet	In September 2015 , he appeared in a dubsmash video with his Agent Carter co-star Hayley Atwell and Miss Piggy lipsyncing to Destinys Beyoncés `` Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on All the Single Ladies '' .
poke	After dodging Iron Tail attack , Torkoal uses Flamethrower once more , but with little effect .
poke	To make up for the mistake , Natasha decides to give them a tour of her field , where she grows the watermelons .
poke	However , Spoink is sad when it does not have its pearl , though the heroes assure they will continue searching for the pearl in the sea .
muppet	Part 3 Grover gets Kermit , The Count , Sully , and an Anything Anything Muppet to hold up a big sign with the number 2 written on it .
muppet	Tacy Kneale as one of the Graeae in `` Episode 101 Perseus and the Perseus and the Gorgon '' and working with the Creature Shop on another episode .
starwars	En'Tra'Tal was the capital city of the planet of Coyn .
poke	Nicole explains these Oran Berries , used to bake the pies , are actually grown in their garden .
muppet	Didnt realise performing guessing was speculation . I took out the Oz reference as well cause it was pretty much another guess on who it might be . If I had some kind of program that could seperate their voices , itd be much easier to tell . Or if any of those albums credited whos who . Wattamack4 2241 , February 14 , 2010 Alex
muppet	A vocal arranger for Bette Midler early in his career , Shaiman worked on the feature films When Harry Met Sally , City Slickers , The Addams Family , George of the Jungle , In and Out , and South South Park Bigger , Longer
muppet	And I ran into a record site that was selling Sesame cassettes and 8-tracks I didnt know about before ! So I put all the information on their pages ! --
starwars	A ground team consisting of Leia Organa Solo and Han Solo , as well as Alliance operatives Judder Page , Kyp Durron , Meloque and Graw was sent to disable the yammosk war coordinator on Caluula , a piece of biotechnology vital to the Yuuzhan Vong 's war effort .
starwars	Around 6 BBY , Luke Skywalker and Windy Starkiller attempted a journey to the ridge , but they got held up by a sandstorm and never reached their destination .
muppet	The Muppets rendition of Queens `` Bohemians Rhapsody '' won Webby Awards in both the Music and Viral categories , including the Peoples Choice in both categories .
muppet	In the episode , `` Sneaky Lying Cheating Giant Ninja Koopas , '' a giant parrot laments the Koopas using its giant cage to capture Marios companions `` My whole life was in that cage ! My Big Bird poster , my Worms From Outer Space comics ... ''
starwars	44th Division
muppet	Herry and John-John talk about the difference between `` loud '' and `` soft '' . video=Old School Volume 2 } }
starwars	Later , the Sith confronted the Skywalkers on Dathomir and allied with the Jedi in an effort to eliminate Abeloth ; although the Sith 's true motive was to betray and kill the Jedi and force Abeloth to serve under them .
muppet	Yay , we have a wiki ! Your Rowlf and Wembley articles are awesome . Im so excited about getting this started . Toughpigs 1224 , 6 Dec 2005
starwars	Aquella system
muppet	Gladys Knight is a Motown rhythm and blues singer , best known as the leader of Gladys Knight and the Pips , who guest starred in Episode 516 Gladys episode 516 of The Muppet Show .
poke	Later , Ash introduces Corphish to other Pokémon , but Corphish starts attacking everyone .
starwars	After the rest of the team joined them , Rex sent Altis with Joc , Ince , and Ross to cover the exit and led the others to enter the building via the roof .
starwars	After it crashed , Ezra and Sabine got the data recorder back to the Rebels ' camp , and hid the Elite 's hyperdrive to recover it later , to install on Ryder 's U-wing .
poke	Suddenly , Savannah spots Bulbasaur , mentioning that her first Pokémon was a Bulbasaur , but it is at her parents ' home .
starwars	Doaba Guerfel
muppet	On November 25 , 2019 , Gerst appeared on Sesamstrasse with International Elmo for a `` Wort des Tages '' .
poke	Although the current is strong , Elijah has not forgotten they went across the last river , so they can pass this one .
poke	Corphish deflects the attack , while Cacnea and Skitty get hurt by the attacks .
poke	The commander from Team Aqua , Shelly , and Tabitha , the commander from Team Magma , start taunting each other , claiming both sides are interested whatever is in the ruins .
poke	Nicholai admits challenged the Petalburg Gym leader Norman , May and Max 's father .
starwars	Tarkin again voiced his opinion of the matter , questioning as to what would happen if Kenobi 's plan began to fail .
poke	Marshtomp was a hero from another planet , so it enlarged itself , as big as Meowth , and defeated it .
poke	Max mentions they were to meet with Steven , son of Mr. Stone , the president of Devon Corporation .
poke	Team Rocket sails away , but Makuhita follows them and tackles the boat , freeing Pikachu , who uses Thunderbolt to blast Team Rocket away .
starwars	The senator protested against the Trade Federation and the humans of the Urce sector , who claimed ownership of parts of a hyperspace route in the Lesser Plooriod Cluster that was mostly mapped out by Ithorians .
muppet	Kermit filled in for Carson as the guest host on April 2 , 1979 , to promote the release of The Muppet Movie . The program became somewhat of a Muppet special , with other Muppet characters appearing throughout the show to disrupt things as Kermit tried to interview his guests -- Vincent Price , Bernadette Peters , Leo Sayer and veterinarian Dr. Michael Fox . The show was punctuated with several Muppet musical numbers two Slinky-shaped Muppets danced to `` Java '' , Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem performed `` New York State of Mind '' , Peters sang `` Just One Person '' with Robin the Frog , Miss Piggy performed a duet of `` When I Need You '' with Sayer , and Kermit closed the show with a quiet performance of `` Bein Green '' . Statler and Waldorf appear in the audience to heckle .
poke	May is glad to see someone agreeing with Max for a while and asks Liza why are they here .
muppet	`` Attila the Hen '' is a song from The Sesame Street Fairy Tale Album . Performed by Big Bird about a famous bird , the song is a musical telling of `` The Little Red Hen , '' here named Atilla She has six chicks , who she raises to be good and industrious . They find some stray corn , and ask the other farm animals for help the cow , the horse , the pig , the hound dog , and the cat . They all say `` Not I , '' of course , at each stage . So Atilla and her brood plant , water , weed , tend , harvest , and cook the corn .
poke	May , Max and Brock train more , even if they are aching in every part of the body .
muppet	The `` Sign Song '' is exactly that a song with lyrics made up of the names of signs , from `` Enter '' and `` Exit '' , to `` Home Sweet Home '' . It was first heard on the TV show The Electric Company and its soundtrack album , and was later used on the Sesame Street album Signs ! , sung by Big Bird and a chorus of The kids . Some lyrics on the Signs ! version are different from those on the original Electric Company version .
poke	nevertheless , Pikachu electrocutes them with Thunderbolt , but Chimecho heals Team Rocket with Heal Bell .
muppet	Yves la Chance is a cat burglar , literally , in Dog City Dog City . The character was added for the shows third season , debuting in Episode 301 The New Litter , and appeared in recurring `` Yves n Steven '' segments , alongside Steven . Yves attempts at daring robberies were inevitably foiled by Steven , often inadvertently .
poke	Brock tells Lombre he should really give the love a chance , as it means important to Brock to win Samantha 's heart .
poke	Erica claims that would become her dream of being the winning couple with Joshua much easier .
starwars	It remained in Rey 's possession until her arrival on Exegol , where she gave it to a redeemed Ben Solo , putting the Skywalker lightsaber back in the hands of a Skywalker .
poke	Max is surprised May is not freaking out , but she replies that 's why she is doing this `` expedition '' .
muppet	I think the image itself is interesting enough to be on the page . I added it to the gallery , with a bland description `` The La Choy Dragon pictured on a can of Chow Mein noodles '' . It doesnt make any particular claim about the image , just says here it is . --
starwars	The `` Krath Enchanter '' belonged to this class .
starwars	The area was scarcely guarded , if not for some probe droids and remotes .
poke	On March 29 , 2011 , TV Tokyo and Nihon Ad Systems ( NAS ) sued 4Kids Entertainment , alleging that the company entered into illegal agreements with other companies , including Funimation Entertainment and Majesco Entertainment , regarding the `` Yu-Gi-Oh ! ''
poke	When the wave is about to strike , everybody goes away , but they are too late and get soaked by the wave .
poke	Ash is about to use Pikachu to fight , but Brawly stops him , as he 'd go into a damper , a wave that spouts out .
starwars	During their mission to obtain one of the TIE phantoms , two Rebel agents destroyed the `` Terror '' , as well as Imdaar Alpha .
starwars	Unidentified Orooturoo species
muppet	Just thought youd like to know that the wiki will be 1,000 days old on Wednesday . --
starwars	While decreasingly effective beyond 30 meters , the bowcaster was more powerful and accurate than typical blaster weapons .
starwars	With a dagger-shaped hull , heavy armament , and relatively large crew complement for its class , the `` Vigil '' class shared many iconic design features of a true destroyer .
muppet	Reporting for Nursery Rhyme News Prairie Dawn finds out that Jack be Nimble is too tired to jump over the candlestick .
poke	Team Rocket is surprised he is the Elite Four , making Meowth think that milk has made the old man tough .
poke	As May glooms , Brock thinks they could start walking towards the new port to reach one of the ships to Dewford Island .
muppet	The song was originally written for Princes ninth album Sign “ ☮ ” the Times , co-written by his then girlfriend Susannah Melvoin based on stories she used to tell of a girl named `` Cynthia Rose . ''
starwars	An Alliance to Restore the Republic contact lived on the planet Sayblohn during the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	Purvis was a male Human who served as the chief droid technician for Avrak Villachor , the sector chief of Black Sun on the planet Wukkar .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Sesame Street Book
starwars	Hatch was a civilian YT-1300 .
muppet	Season 3 was produced as 24 episodes , but broadcast as 22 episodes . The final two episodes of the season -- `` Episode 402 Wembleys Wonderful Whoopie Wembleys Wonderful Whoopie Water '' and `` Episode 403 Sidebottom Sidebottom Blues '' -- were held over , and broadcast as the second and third episodes of season 4 .
starwars	Both Carrick and the Talisman were now on Taris , putting Morne in a position where she would be able to end two Covenant threats simultaneously .
muppet	As of 2019 , it is still not known who or what studio animated `` Cracks . '' Animators who confirmed the short is not their work include the following
poke	Suddenly , Ash and Pikachu stand up , the latter admitting he has to go training for his next Gym Battle , wanting Swellow to learn how to use Aerial Ace .
muppet	One of Hensons ideas was for the show to be extremely variable from episode to episode , capable of ranging from a tightly scripted plot to a series of sketches with a central theme . More similar to Fraggle Rock were The Woozle Worlds two basic concepts to be silly and entertaining , and to have an underlying message of understanding others and living in harmony .
starwars	Followers of the Unifying Force always kept their eyes open for future possibilities .
muppet	Then , when converted to trusted , in the spot where the then-newly-added first one , '' which Shane IDd as the `` M is for Moo '' bit . So I guess we just forgot to remove the second one .
starwars	Jedi Temple Reception Hall
starwars	Cody then tried to contact Kenobi and Skywalker to no avail , as the droids were jamming transmissions .
starwars	Its chief of security was Vanel .
muppet	Constantine I know kung fu . I know , uh ... beef with broccoli . I know , uh , this move -- hyaa ! -- which I dont know what its called .
poke	In the forest they encounter a giant Zigzagoon , which they soon realize is actually a trainer in a Zigzagoon suit .
poke	While Camerupt goes after Pikachu , Vicky explains once Camerupt is angry , it ca n't be stopped easily .
muppet	In one Shalom Sesame sketch , in which an actress dubbed the character for `` Proud , '' host Mandy Patinki introduced the rocker as female `` Little Jeri is loud and proud , and why shouldnt she be ? . ''
poke	Before the battle starts , Erica apologizes to May for how she acted towards her before , realizing now that May was n't trying to steal Joshua from her and that she had just gotten caught up in her jealousy .
starwars	It was believed that the order obtained them by hijacking a Corporate Sector Authority freighter traveling through the Kadok Regions .
starwars	Patrok Ru-Saxon was a human male Mandalorian who was stubborn in his accountability and did not accept criticism well during his service as a captain in the Mandalorian Guard , so far as to argue with the leader of his planet , Duchess Kryze .
poke	Others go to him , feeling the bouquet is strange and soon find themselves fallen in a hole .
muppet	Pat Roach was a British wrestler and actor who played Atlas in The StoryTeller Greek Myths episode `` Episode 101 Perseus and the Perseus and the Gorgon . '' Roach wrestled under the name `` Bomber '' but transitioned into acting in the 1970s , using his physique to play a variety of thugs and heavies .
starwars	Due to the nature of many older quests in `` Star Wars Galaxies '' , the appearance of Montrasword changed each time a player performed this quest .
muppet	The earliest confirmed Willis Sisters appearance is October 31 , 1963 . So we might be able to check that when RFD-TV cycles back or from other sources .
muppet	Finch studied painting in London and Paris , and began his writing career with essays about contemporary art for magazines and gallery catalogues . His early essays were collected in two books Pop Art Object and Image . Finch moved to the United States in 1968 , and continued to write articles for art magazines .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but water is launched from the robot , so Pikachu is knocked out .
muppet	A good way to find episodes that they sponsor is to use the WhatLinksHere feature
poke	Before they arrive , a man rushes outside , saying he lost to the world 's most powerful Pokémon .
poke	Snorunt takes Ash 's badge case , though Joy tells them it is a prank and will give the badges back , but Ash points out he worked hard for the badges and will not allow them to be just played around .
muppet	Jones was among the interviewees featured in the 2015 In Their Own Words Jim In Their Own Words documentary on Jim Henson .
poke	Brock asks him where he got the eggs , so Swampy asks them why do Pokémon , who are to be chosen by a trainer at the start of the journey , raised at the same level .
muppet	Ill work on the third item . Can somebody add the first two ? --
poke	It uses Yawn once more , but the attack is negated and Vigoroth scratches Snorlax once more .
poke	The heroes go after James and Meowth , but they stop as Zangoose and Seviper have a battle .
poke	Ash has Corphish launch Bubble Beam at the illusions and manages to hit the real Magcargo .
starwars	Just as her personality was diverse , so were the talents that Mara Jade Skywalker utilized throughout her colored career .
muppet	Happy and Sad , Grouchy and Glad is a 1992 Sesame Street Golden Little Golden Book .
poke	The shiny Swellow follows Swellow , so it begins to shake at full speed , evading the shiny one .
muppet	Regarding syndication , Im not entirely sure , but I think by the time the late 90s rolled around , studios and broadcasters had a tighter grip on release schedules in syndication as compared to when The Muppet Show aired in the 70s . So , if there are different dates , they probably only fluctuate by a couple days . I dont think Animal Planet had local affiliates the way CBS did in the 70s . Like , when Star Trek The Next Generation aired in first-run syndication , I think there were stricter rules on how far the airdates could stray from each other .
poke	Again , Seaking uses Horn Drill to redirect the attack , but this time , Pikachu protects Snorunt .
starwars	They managed to escape , but their starship crashed onto Felucia .
poke	Jessie and Meowth are skeptical about the reward and the tournament , but James remembers that he worked hard for these kind of competitions , which require talent and Pokémon 's ability for an artistic style .
poke	Max thinks if they were to swap May 's Torchic with Combusken , they would tell May it evolved .
muppet	Cartoon by Bud Luckey about a Martian beauty with features in sets of nine hairs , bows , eyes , nostrils , arms and toes .
starwars	However , they were unable to reach all twelve of the planet-sized orphanages since the other Sith Lords had already annexed other parts of the former Odionate .
poke	The latter goes to practice Ice Beam , but holds the attack , for something is wrong .
muppet	In February 2019 , a website called `` Splash Report '' published an item about the Josh Gad-penned project Muppets Live Another Day , which would follow the events of The Muppets Take Manhattan .
poke	More Treecko appear , with an elderly one approaching the one who fought Pikachu .
muppet	In August of 2005 , Buena Vista Home Entertainment released the entire run of Season 1 episodes of The Muppet Show on The Muppet Show Season DVD . The episodes were complete , except in a few instances where music rights proved prohibitive , resulting in a few musical numbers being deleted from the show . The front of the DVD case features a felt-like surface emulating the texture of Kermits Muppet torso .
starwars	The `` FarStar '' entered the Qu'mock system with a moon in between them and the Space Station .
starwars	The actions aboard his space station had made Sunn-Childe disillusioned with all galactic governments , and he resolved to join the growing resistance .
muppet	The design team flew to London for a week of brainstorming with Douglas Adams , the author of The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy and a computer enthusiast . Adams was good friends with Christopher Cerf , a Sesame Street writer who was also involved with the Labyrinth game . Many of Adams ideas ended up in the final design , including the text-based opening .
poke	With another Assist , Skitty attacks with Silver Wind , but Dusclops stops it with Psychic .
muppet	One of the companys first characters to be seen regularly on national television was Rowlf the Dog , who was initially created for Purina Dog Chow commercials and soon became famous when he became a regular character on The Jimmy Dean Show from 1963-1966 . During this time , the shows host , Jimmy Dean , was given an opportunity to own forty percent of the company . However , Dean turned the offer down because he didnt feel that he had earned it .
muppet	Some unspecified last-minute additions to the plot were taken from the unproduced special The Muppets Run for President .
muppet	Pavlov the Pug Dog was interviewed by Rhonda Rat in the `` Episode 301 Siberian Tiger
poke	Archie is glad he counted on Shelly and uses the Red Orb , causing Kyogre to appear before them .
muppet	Please respond here to discuss this , otherwise you will be blocked next time .
muppet	I found one segment that might have been from Wonder Shozen
muppet	The filming of the scene was very emotional for the cast and crew , whom had worked closely with Will Lee for 14 years . Genuine tears were present in almost all on set . `` We barely got through that show , '' said Bob McGrath in a 2006 interview . `` Any emotions you saw were real . We tried to do a pickup and we got about a minute into it and we all fell apart emotionally . It crossed over not only from PBS , but all of the networks . They all felt it was such an important show that they took the time to highlight it . ''
poke	Team Rocket is angry , so Combusken attacks with Sky Uppercut , destroying their balloon .
muppet	Im not sure if I remember this correctly , but doesnt Piggy appear as Santa in The Fantastic Miss Piggy Shows `` You Light Up My Life '' in the December window ? I dont have a copy to check ; but should I remember this correctly , could somebody possibly add a screen grab ? —
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket falls down a narrow path , making Meowth claim Jessie should keep her `` psychic moments '' to herself .
poke	Pikachu electrocutes everyone ( making Team Rocket blast off ) , but in so doing , the heroes fly off in another direction .
muppet	Is Time Inc. even needed here ? TIME and People had Muppet covers and articles and Sports Illustrated one cover and some parodies , so theyre really not that relevant or useful anyway , and were sold before the latest rename . Clearing away or re-organizing this will make it easier to track the new WarnerMedia announcements .
muppet	Is there any source for using the word `` goodnights '' ? Its always bothered me . --
poke	Skitty goes to use Double Slap , but the attack is canceled by Houndoom 's Shadow Ball .
muppet	The information ive added last night I had from my source who works at TV Cultura . He gave me this information about the re-use of the Pino 2056 , 22 December 2008
poke	Pikachu gets Ash 's attention , for there is many fruit on the trees to be harvested .
starwars	The Battle of Antamont occurred on the planet of Antamont during the Clone Wars , and was fought between the Grand Army of the Republic and the Separatist Droid Army .
poke	Shelly is troubled , but knows a tactical commander , like Tabitha , would not wield the Red Orb .
poke	May thinks they should scare Snorlax , but Brock thinks they have nothing big enough to scare it .
starwars	A repair rack for damaged fighters was located near the TIE racks , and repeating blaster cannon hard points were located just aft of the TIE racks .
muppet	That cover terrifies me . --
poke	Sigourney shows them the Poké Ball , but sees Team Rocket hovering in their balloon .
starwars	The XQ2 had a larger central structure for greater capacity .
poke	The man , Alex , sees the pictures of himself and his grandfather , playing with Shroomish .
muppet	Sugar Pie is Bobuts stuffed lamb on Aliens in the Family . Bobut is seldom without Sugar Pie , with whom he often converses about his problems about Sally Hagen . In the cold opening of `` Episode 103 Cookie Makes Some Cookie Makes Some Dough , '' Bobut awakes and frighteningly says that `` The world is coming to and end ! the center will not hold ! The unthinkable has happened '' until he finds Sugar Pie underneath the bed covers to which he replies `` All is well . ''
muppet	While it makes sense that Tartaglia would admire Hunt , Im not sure about the Muppetcast citation . I recently listened to that episode again , and , as I had remembered , Tartaglia doesnt appear . User Max riverbottom
muppet	I saw the new Sesame Street Live album . That is so cool ! Do you happen to have it ? If so could i get a copy from you ? If not its still cool to see a new album out of the show . --
starwars	The gunships were decorated with customized nose art depicting the face of Jedi Master Plo Koon between two clone troopers underneath the words `` Plo 's Bros '' written in Aurebesh .
muppet	Lolita the Chicken performs a dancing chicken act with Gonzo in The Muppet Show Episode 204 Rich episode 204 to the song `` Tea for Two . '' Despite Gonzos urgings , Lolita hardly moves , being only moderately more active than Amy the Dancing Brick . Lolita is one of several live animals to be featured in the second season of The Muppet Show , and her act with Gonzo is reminiscent of his pairing in Episode 208 Steve episode 208 with Yolanda Yolanda .
poke	May goes to reach Skitty , but so does Jessie , causing them to be angry at each other .
muppet	Cover `` Jason Bateman -- The Star of Teen Wolf Too ''
poke	Everyone is surprised by Meowth 's Transform , recalling Meowth normally can not use such a move .
starwars	DD-9 was a droid who helped to Lyra Erso research kyber crystals on the Outer Rim world Alpinn .
starwars	Meanwhile , Naare was captured by Graballa who had her frozen in carbonite for her treachery .
poke	At the field Team Rocket appears again , thinking of whether they should steal the watermelons since the Electrode is still guarding them .
muppet	Herbie the One-Octopus Band performs as in The Muppet Show Episode 411 Lola episode 411 . Herbie performs `` When the Saints Go Marching In '' off-screen as Miss Piggy has a frustrating conversation with Gonzo backstage . At the end of their conversation , Herbie walks by , and Piggy karate chops him in a fit of pique .
starwars	At an unspecified time period during the Clone Wars , he was promoted to the rank of Clone ARC Commander of the Rancor Battalion .
muppet	As with many children of his age , he is seen somewhat infrequently with a favorite toy of his an orange monster-like toy named David.Sesame Street Street with his mother Mae , his father Louie , and , in some storybooks , a sister named Daisy Daisy .
poke	Tabitha orders them to watch their mouths , while Maxie replies they want to use the Ancient Pokémon for a better world by unraveling the world 's mysteries .
poke	Seviper wraps Zangoose , but Zangoose bites its body and they both fall into a river .
poke	Dusclops uses Will-O-Wisp , which is lifted in the air by Psychic , allowing Dusclops to control the move .
muppet	He appeared in the episode `` Episode 310 Humpback Humpback Whale '' where he told Stinky the Skunk and Jake the Polar Bear all about humpback whales and other types of whales . He was interviewed in a leaky tank which started to flood the studio . By the end of the episode , the entire studio was flooded and Andrew had already swam out to sea .
starwars	Again , upon successfully leaving the spaceport , Danenberger heads to the Rebel lodgings , where the youth then has to convince the Rebel commander of the suspicious nature of the transport landings .
starwars	Loran and Ton Phanan recruited Lara Notsil , an attractive , intelligent prisoner from the `` Implacable '' and believed to be Trigit 's unwilling mistress , to be sponsored through pilot 's training as bait for Repness .
muppet	Hi . Repeating edits that somebody has already undone is sort of counterproductive . If you disagree with Scott about needing to point out which skits have Frank Oz as the performer on the Global Grover page , then please bring the issue up and make your case either on his User talk Talk Page or on the Talk Global Talkpage for the article itself . Thanks ! --
starwars	Shortly after Advisor calls it in , Delta 42 's gunship appears above Boss 's head and fires several rockets at the shield , warning Delta Squad to stand back in cover .
poke	Everybody reunites , even if Jessie , James and Meowth stated they do n't like each other , but are happy to be reunited .
starwars	Panda group was a pair of `` Lambda '' -class T-4a shuttles used by the Alliance to Restore the Republic during the Galactic Civil War .
poke	Ash tells he has four badges and is going to Petalburg City and is quite excited to go after the next Badge .
muppet	As you come across them , some of the human pirates could use upgrades too . Short Stack Stevens , I added the pic , which I still think is a cute shot , but with the kissing pic , it looks redundant . And Easy Pete and Calico Jerry just dont look so hot in comparison to the Muppet crew members .
starwars	With the forced help of R2-D2 and Skywalker subdued , the Spike was ready to be blown .
poke	The man runs to them , reporting all Poké Balls from the vault have been stolen .
starwars	Head in the Clouds
starwars	The second challenge featured panels extending from the walls at seemingly random intervals with energy blades on their ends .
muppet	Part 2 Its the next morning . The Count had a good night , but he didnt sleep . His counting kept Ernie up , and now Ernie is walking and counting in a daze .
poke	May is not pleased they have to go down , while Brock reminds them once they find the Gym Leader , they 'd have to climb back up .
muppet	Does anyone know who the little blonde boy is in the `` Disney synergy '' scene from the Extended Cut of MMW ?
muppet	On-the-Go Purse is a 2009 Sesame Street playset made by Fisher-Price . The set includes a purse , lipstick , mirror key chain with two keys , a cell phone , a change purse and a comb , adorned with images of Elmo and Zoe .
starwars	On May 19 , 2016 , Candace Payne posted a video on her Facebook page after purchasing a Chewbacca mask at a Kohl 's retail store .
muppet	In the summer of 2005 , Amazon.com offered an exclusive streaming interview with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog for pre-orders made to The Muppet Show Season One and The Muppets Wizard of Oz The Muppets Wizard of Oz DVD . Piggy is asked if she could take Sydney Bristow from Alias in a fight and states that shed like to play Scarlett OHara in Gone with the Wind Gone with the Wind . She figures that Amazon.com sells everything , so thats whats on her Wish List everything . Kermit says he stays young by attending a spa back in Kermits the swamp , and would like to play the part of Yoda .
starwars	However , Hera managed to ram the `` Ghost '' against the Star Destroyer 's tractor beam projector ; disabling it and providing the Phoenix ships with a window to escape into hyperspace .
starwars	Wartaky
starwars	Upon reaching the top , Ulbrick was wounded in the thigh by glass projectiles fired from an exotic weapon , later revealed to be a hand-ballista .
starwars	Stusea had faith in the wisdom of the Jedi High Council , although she admittedly did not always agree with its decisions .
muppet	In `` Episode 207 The Feed You Need , '' Milo protests against King Derwins ban of Bimple Beans .
poke	The heroes , as well as Drew and Roselia , are amazed to see patterns of Pikachu , Pichu , Torchic , Mudkip , Treecko and others .
poke	Suddenly , Pikachu hears something - when they approach , they see trees that fell over .
poke	She notes that it is almost time for the practice runs , and indicated two people standing out on the lake 's pier , saying they are Volbeat and Illumise 's Trainers , Romeo and Juliet .
muppet	What do you guys think ? Can we make this the standard format for all the Sesame episode pages ? --
poke	Pikachu uses Thunder , defeating Pelipper , but with the exhaustion , he is defeated as well .
poke	The heroes search for their Pokémon ; May worries about Torchic and Silcoon , but Ash reminds her Pikachu , Mudkip and the rest are protecting them .
starwars	The prison itself consisted of a massive transparisteel dome , with a landing platform and several power fences surrounding the perimeter .
starwars	Tapiq
starwars	Using the battle as an excuse , Jusik showed the nursing officer on duty a fake clearance , stating that they need to move the Uthan in case the Separatists took her .
poke	Dustox gets the ring and places it on the hook , making James go to the finals .
starwars	Solar Fire was a starship that operated in the Brak sector .
starwars	On Telos , he used it against Xanatos once again , with the end result being Xanatos 's suicide .
starwars	By the time of the Second Galactic Civil War , the Sith Lord Darth Caedus added the Imperial Remnant to the Galactic Alliance 's list of allies .
starwars	Warren was sent back to Tython to be healed and redeemed .
poke	Meowth also translates that they are going to pay for stealing apples , as Breloom attacks with Mach Punch and Combusken uses Fire Spin , blasting them off .
starwars	Seelah knew what has happened .
poke	Ash climbs up , though Pikachu is nervous and bites Ash , who promises everything will be fine .
poke	She notices one Togepi did not return , but Miranda points out it must be the Togepi Sara must have found to become the heir .
starwars	Disavowed by the SIS , Theron went into hiding along with Lana and Jakarro , and tracked down Revan and his allies to Rishi , where they exposed the conspiracy to Satele Shan and Darth Marr .
muppet	Hi ! I saw your page on Muppet Commercial Goofs . We wouldnt make a page like that until we can detail what the goofs actually are . Do you have any examples ? See Muppet Show Goofs to see how we document goofs . Hope this helps ! --
poke	On April 18 , 2006 , 4Kids launched a new subsidiary entitled 4Sight Licensing Solutions Inc. , which licenses and market brands aimed at adults , teenagers and pre-teens .
poke	Ash gazes his five badges , proud he only has three more to obtain for the Hoenn League .
muppet	`` It All Depends Upon Your Point of View '' is a song from the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 417 The View from The View From You '' . Bear performs this and teaches the concept of how each person has their own unique point of view .
muppet	Hi Mark ! Which wiki are you working on ? I can show you how to edit the pages youre looking for . —Scott
muppet	Sorry , I really dont have much to say . And now , a Muppet News Flash ....
poke	Team Rocket watches what is going on and decide to hide , but are intercepted by members of Team Aqua .
starwars	The `` Solar Storm '' was first mentioned in the short story `` Last Call at the Zero Angle '' , which was written by Jason Fry and published in `` Star Wars Insider '' 156 in 2015 .
muppet	Hi , Wendy ! Do you remember where you saw the Australian Rubber Duckie that didnt list a B-side , and also the German Rubber Duckie that didnt list a catalog number ? Thanks ! --
starwars	A so-called murderer and master of disguise , Throne Thanamiroc , was said to be on another homicidal killing spree .
poke	To flirt with Nurse Joy , Brock promises to check up on the Pokémon , though Joy thinks they all can help her .
starwars	The Partisans based in the Catacombs of Cadera kept a medical picoscope , which was used by the Partisans ' G2-1B7 medical droid .
starwars	Summa-verminoth were a gigantic , space-faring species of legend that dwelled in the Akkadese Maelstrom around the planet Kessel .
poke	Brock identifies them for what they are ( Volbeat and Illumise ) , prompting May and Ash to pull out their Pokédexes : May 's identifies Illumise , and Ash 's Volbeat .
poke	However , Ash and Brock feel Max is already at the Pokémon Center , taking a break .
starwars	When nearly ready to leave , a group of Sanyassan Marauders attacked the village , killing many and capturing the rest .
poke	A while later , May is alone in the park outside the area and apologizes to Bulbasaur for pushing to hard .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunder , overloading the electric resistances , shocking Team Rocket , and freeing himself and the Light Stone .
muppet	Clips in montages from Sesame Street 20 and Still Counting to be used for future guides
starwars	Unable to quickly end the battle at Kuat , Caedus decided to attack Kashyyyk and make it an example to other rebellious star systems .
muppet	Hi , Justin ! Do you have this ? If you do , whats the number on the spine ? --
muppet	What ho , Nick ! Just a friendly reminder , if youre planning to create any more Sesamstrasse actor pages , remember we have the Sesame Street International Sesame Street actors category . Any folks you add should go in there , as well as a Sesamstrasse category . Really , the only reason theres a Actors is because there were enough articles at the time to overwhelm the category . There will be enough for Sesamstrasse when everyone gets added , probably , but in general , it doesnt hurt to wait to create a category until more than one article can fit into it . Thanks !
starwars	However , the species ' name was only revealed in June 2015 , on the official website for Kabam 's then-upcoming mobile game `` '' .
poke	Sara tries to persuade Hansen to stop his plans , but Hansen has Ninjask attack .
starwars	Kothtri was a traditional type of spiced fruit juice that originated on Bothawui , a Mid Rim planet that was the homeworld of the Bothan species .
poke	Rico becomes really angry and sends his Pupitar , who evolves into a Tyranitar , frightening Team Rocket .
starwars	The primary inspiration , however , was the Kalmyk Oirat language , spoken by Russians of Kalmyk ethnicity .
muppet	Hi , Paul ! Can you take a look at my question on Talk Espinete y Don Pimpón
muppet	If anything , we should just make a page for the sketch itself . What do the rest of you think ? MuppetVJ 1353 , 21 July 2006
muppet	I would like to ask about edits that seem to be on local stations . My local UPN station once showed The Great Muppet Caper with quite a few edits . Im not sure if this particular broadcast was just on the local station or on all UPN stations at the same time . How should I acknowledge edits from local stations without saying something to the effect of `` when aired on my local UPN station ... '' ? I have seen this same movie broadcast on CBS with different edits , so its not like all stations got the same copies for broadcasts
poke	While the heroes go to the place to heal Lunatone , they encounter the PMC guys again .
poke	Max , May and Brock train their abs , displeased they are missing out on a battle .
poke	Max notices the Seedot are happy , while Professor Birch compliments Beautifly .
poke	Tabitha claims they are late , but Shelly points out they are in time when the researcher is going to give them the meteorite .
starwars	Bounty Emporium
starwars	Astane rejected Organa 's charge they were smugglers and asked whether it was better to break Imperial laws or to make them .
starwars	Tahiri Veila , along with a contingent of GAG guards , transported Ben Skywalker and Lon Shevu from Monument Plaza to a Coruscant prison in one of these vehicles .
poke	Brock asks Ash which Pokémon he should use against Norman , but since Ash does not know , he sends all his Pokémon to decide .
muppet	On January 4 , 2014 , the channel aired a Muppet movie marathon , which included The Muppet Movie , The Muppets Take Manhattan , Muppet Treasure Island , and the network television premiere of The Muppets .
poke	Ash asks what is the plot of the Plusle and Minun movie Elijah will show , so he begins to tell it .
starwars	A Morseerian child with tan skin was part of a group of children orphaned during the Clone Wars .
starwars	Ab'Bshingh
muppet	Christmas nonsense . '' Leslie shakes her head `` I dont agree with you , Oscar . '' Oscar is startled `` You dont ? You mean , youre with ... them ? '' `` Yes . And you should be with them ! '' Leslie Uggams informs Oscar Leslie Oscar through song about how much fun Christmas is , but it has no effect . Shes completely frustrated .
poke	It is often seen acting as a placeholder , and it mostly consists of empty data .
starwars	Dznori Xam was a Kallidahin physician who likely lived and worked in an archaeological research station on Polis Massa .
poke	Plusle and Minun lived in a forest until the princess Kirlia got captured by an Exploud .
muppet	Ready for School ! is a 2007 Sesame Street Street home video compilation consisting of the `` street segments '' from episodes Episode 4112 , Episode 4093 and Episode 4116 with a new version of `` Off to School '' sung by Elmo . Episode 4110 is also included as a special feature .
poke	The male Donphan is in love and rolls to impress her , so the heroes wish him luck .
muppet	As for `` actually translated its language with german , '' I have no idea what you mean .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 2313 , January 15 , 2010
starwars	Despite the fact that Henlon Station is Imperial and launches TIE/IN interceptors to fight the player , the station will not fire on the player with its own defenses .
poke	May orders Skitty to use Assist again , but Erica pushes her and orders Jynx to use Hyper Beam , blasting Team Rocket off .
starwars	The Jedi Knight destroyed Trench 's super tactical droid and BX-series droid commandos , and then threatened the admiral 's life to get the final sequence for the detonation code .
poke	The heroes try to get the fragrances back , while Meowth starts wondering what he 'll do with Skitty .
poke	Eliza goes to check Skitty ( causing Brock to flirt with her and Max to pull him away ) , but Skitty sees Pikachu 's tail and goes after it .
poke	Team Rocket bottle the water , pleasing Meowth and James they are doing business with no expenses , at someone else 's suffering .
starwars	He finally made it to the cell , just as anger turned against Ekkage who had been freed by Melicoste .
muppet	A `` http//www.sesamestreet.org/onair/history History '' section launched in October 2009 , tieing in with the publication of the book Sesame Street A Celebration of Forty Years of Life on the Street . The new page asks viewers to vote for their favorite clips in the shows 40 year history , and features `` behind the scenes '' stories from Celebration editor Betsy Loredo .
poke	Seviper goes to Bite , however Grovyle evades and attacks it with Bullet Seed and blasts Team Rocket off with Quick Attack .
poke	The heroes intercept the Snorlax and Ash challenges it to a battle , although Snorlax ignores them and eats the bananas .
starwars	Heater appeared in the fourth issue of `` '' , that was released on August 26 , 2020 .
poke	With the performance ended , Jessica advances with 29.7 points , though Jessica is annoyed she did n't receive a perfect score .
muppet	Hey , Paul , I saw a third Hebrew album on eBay ! Do you have it ? Heres the page http//cgi.ebay.com/SESAME-STREET-RECORD-3-HEBREW-VERSION-RARE-ISRAELI-LP_W0QQitemZ380154704872QQcmdZViewItemQQptZMusic_on_Vinyl ? hash=item5882fc73e8
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1235 , May 15 , 2009
muppet	While there are some technical changes to the puppet that could be mentioned on the Elmo page , a Through the Years page doesnt seem necessary . Thanks for checking with me , though .
starwars	As a safety recommendation , Starlighter advised that travelers conceal any lightsabers within their luggage to avoid reprisals from Imperial stormtroopers .
poke	Inside the cave , May and Mary find Skitty , but also find a water pump , which drains all the water .
muppet	Oh , and the article is a bit barebones to start out with , but Ill be expanding it soon . I need to get more info about the Creature Shop involvement , but like pretty much anyone else , I have easy access to this film , so I should be able to get a full list of Creature Shop crew involved pretty quickly .
starwars	Nerf-milk cheese was a beverage made from Nerf-milk .
starwars	To escape they jumped to lightspeed , using the `` Carrion Spike 's '' sophisticated navigation computer to jump to the nearby Fial system .
starwars	On the surface , stormtroopers , walkers and tanks fought on the streets of the planet-wide ecumenopolis .
starwars	When Wehutti led the two to the Melida Council and loudly announced that he had brought more Jedi prisoners , Jinn and Kenobi drew their weapons .
starwars	They then were attacked by a group of Thaereian troopers and afterwards , by a IG-227 `` Hailfire '' -class droid tank .
muppet	Just noticing that Fran wasnt on Sesame Street for at least seasons 16 through 21 . Any reason ever publicly stated ? I presume she just was pursuing a real-human acting career ? -- Zanimum 2250 , December 30 , 2010
poke	Get ready for a new episode of May 's Expedition as she , Ash , Max and Brock stumble upon a swamp .
poke	Team Rocket and Vito watch the battle , seeing Vicky seems like a powerful person .
poke	Max asks what was Brock 's first Pokémon , to which Brock remembers when he was ten years old .
starwars	As Kanan departs , Sabine expresses her disapproval , suggesting that they should also go and find Hera , and Ezra responds that Kanan will find her .
poke	The Trick Master wishes them luck and goes away laughing , making May comment how `` different the man is '' .
muppet	Looney Tunes # 47 , the December 1998 issue of the comic book series published by DC Comics , included an 8-page story called `` Puppet Regime . '' The plot involved Daffy Ducks jealousy over the fact that hes not been cast in the new childrens film Cuddly Buddies The Movie . The film stars spoof versions of various childrens TV icons , most notably Barney
muppet	I havent seen any commercials or other clips -- if you think of where you saw it , let me know !
starwars	The moff of Fakir sector that felt harassed by the Roughnecks as described in `` The Long Shot Campaign '' has not been identified ; but other sources mention moff Lorin as the person in charge of Fakir at least at some point of the Rebellion era .
muppet	Hi there . The sketch youve been adding to pages about Wild S inthe Jungle isnt very descriptive . Were only adding content to episode pages when we have comeplete episodes available to watch while were working on the guides . Do you have a copy of Episode 3870 ? Scott
starwars	Indeed , the 400 members of the community not with the ranks of the governing caste or the military were considered slaves under the pall of the Wyrd sisters ' dictatorial rule .
muppet	According to Amazon.com , this book is now available . And I also received an e-mail from them
starwars	But as they scrambled to board their utility transport , they were confronted by Siri Tachi , who introduced herself as `` Zora . ''
starwars	Given that she despised violence and refrained from using lightsabers , her wearing civilian clothes might have been her way of expressing her dislike of violence and warfare .
starwars	Though Galactic Basic Standard saw frequent use , the ancient Sith language was commonly spoken by certain segments of the population , a vestige of the legacy established by the Humanoid Sith species who constituted Thule 's earliest inhabitants .
muppet	Obviously I missed something , but wow . We are getting some oddballs , arent we . I like the idea of a `` Jean Marsh Cartoon Special on Wheels , '' though . I can picture Jean , Grover , and a whole bunch of 25 millimeter shorts being forcibly shunted around the suburbs in a bus . -- Andrew , Aleal 1951 , 12 April 2006
muppet	Rawls performance of the Alphabet Song is included in the DVD set Old School Volume 1 . According to the sets booklet , Rawls balked at the idea of using cue cards during the performance , only to change his mind when he forgot the order of the letters .
poke	James , Brock and Ash have ventured to higher levels , but see this place is too much for them .
starwars	The Erai system was a star system located in the region of the galaxy known as the Expansion Region .
poke	While Numel are going back at the ranch , Team Rocket is watching what is happening .
poke	Bulbasaur knocks Meowth with Petal Dance and Pikachu blasts them off with Thunder .
poke	Nevertheless , Max is amazed he will take care of Pokémon , as if he was an actual trainer .
starwars	Their bodies were humanoid , with four long limbs that ended in five digits with nails .
poke	The latter uses Thunderbolt , but it ends up electrocuting himself since the net is unaffected .
poke	The heroes arrive to Mossdeep City , but learn the Gym Leader Ash wants to battle is at the Mossdeep Research Center .
starwars	While the Lost Tribe grew in power , Allana Solo accompanied her grandparents on a mission to the planet Kessel , during which she felt Abeloth reaching out to her .
muppet	Roberto Stocchi .
starwars	As such , Daeshara'cor was willing to die and did not fear for her life , instead resigning herself to death and holding on to her Jedi principles .
poke	The woman then goes in the tree hollow , so Calista and Ash follow her , as the woman sings her song .
starwars	Confused , Skywalker asked about Dinn and Lumiya 's whereabouts .
poke	Ludicolo finally falls in love with Mawile , making Brock thankful he has a shot .
starwars	The adventure was written by Greg Gorden , who developed it from a story by Steve Gilbert and Michael Stern .
poke	Meowth realizes that Pikachu lost his memory , so plans to fill his head with new info to banish the old memories .
muppet	Food for Thought Eating Well on a Budget is a Sesame Street education resource kit released in December 2010 , designed to help families make healthy and affordable decisions when picking out food . The video portion stars some of the Muppet characters , featuring a quartet of new characters , the Super Foods . The video was funded in partnership with United HealthCare and the Merck Company Foundation . The video is available in English and Spanish .
starwars	By this time , General Krell 's influence on the 501st created animosity not just between himself and some of the clones , but also between the clones themselves .
poke	The trainers promise to get them , but Brock , Max and May state it 's hard to describe and leave the area .
muppet	Um ... Hehe . Sorry for using your talk page for this , Nate . I can move this stuff elsewhere if you like . Justin 0500 , March 4 , 2010
starwars	A separate command called Azure Shield was created to protect the Azure sector and its neighbors .
starwars	However , Hilts successfully convinced the other Sith to end the fighting by revealing the existence of a map which showed the existence of another continent known as Alanciar .
starwars	That drove him to become an educator himself : he very quickly became a popular lecturer , garnering large crowds for his speeches on independence and freedom of inquiry .
poke	Meowth gives them some rods , claiming there is a buried treasure underneath the Gym .
starwars	Spheroids
poke	Kimmy got distracted by the attack ; he does not see a rock and falls , so Tokin cries out and drops May 's Poké Balls .
starwars	Zahara could n't understand it .
poke	May is in shock Grovyle lost , while Max points out Juan did surprise Ash with that Sweet Kiss .
starwars	Sian can refer to :
poke	The both Pokémon charge - Venomoth using Psybeam and Beautifly Hidden Power , creating a collision .
muppet	Please feel free to leave a message here if theres anything you need help with .
muppet	Belafonte himself spoke in detail about the experience I seldom do television appearances , but I have always had the highest regard for Jim Hensons taste and artistry , so when I was invited to be a guest on The Muppet Show , I saw that this might be an opportunity to do something very worthwhile . I had a long talk with Jim in California at about the time he was beginning work on The Muppet Movie , and -- given that I have a more than casual interest in Third World music -- I proposed to him that the show might provide the occasion to take a look at the lore and history of other worlds , other places .
poke	Meowth says `` if they do n't , then I guess we 're the idiots '' , but he falls into one as Jessie and James stated that he deserved that .
poke	While Max suspects Brock led them here because of a girl , May explains Skitty is ill. Eliza invites them in , and Brock goes to flirt with her more , but Max pulls him by his ear .
starwars	He later commanded the Blockade of Yavin .
poke	According to the game , its species is the `` P ' v Aq Pokémon '' , its height is 23 ' 2 '' and its weight 1031.6 lbs .
starwars	This individual was first named in `` Death Star '' , although there is no indication which trooper he was , as depicted in .
starwars	The GL-77 blaster pistol was a blaster pistol used during the waning years of the Galactic Republic .
muppet	In the episode `` Muffin Buffalo , '' lead character Jaye is playing Pictionary with her family and her friend Pat . While Jayes sister draws frantically , Pat shouts out guesses as to what shes drawing `` Its a frog ! Hes singing ! The Rainbow Rainbow Connection ! ``
muppet	Shalom Sesame Presents A Chanukah Party for Kippi is a 1995 storybook based on Shalom Sesame , the Israeli/the United States of American Sesame Street co-production aimed at Jewish children in the US .
poke	That way they wo n't spend much money on machines , even if the plan turns out to be a disaster .
muppet	What ho , yon Nate with the lean and hungry look . Maybe I should ask Danny too , in case its a policy I missed somewhere , but what do you have against including birth dates for people who arent Muppet performers ? Unnecessary trivia , or do we just want to reserve knowing birthdays for the people who worked most closely on Muppet Show , Sesame Street , etc. ? -- Andrew , Aleal 2058 , 11 April 2006
muppet	Cookie Monster attended the 2015 event . He met with Josh Gad and Billy Crystal , handed out cookies while wearing a mustache at the Funny Or Die Lounge , and appeared on Funny or Dies Facebook page in https//www.facebook.com/video.php ? v=10153111503023851 a video answering as many questions has he can in 60 seconds . A segment for Mashable also was released at the same time .
starwars	Upon landing , the group was attacked by Boonda , but one of the troopers convinced him that they meant no harm .
starwars	On February 22 , 2019 , it was reported by that Hasbro will see a dip in sales in 2020 with the absence of a new feature , indicating that the film has been removed from its initial schedule .
starwars	However , they were saved by Ania 's friend AG-37 , who offered them a transport off the Carreras system .
starwars	Oliver Novachez , nicknamed Ollie , was the younger brother of Roan Novachez , a boy from Tatooine was unexpectedly chosen to attend Jedi academy despite being rather older than the typical age at which students were admitted .
muppet	Henson always felt that puppetry should be for all ages , including adults , and he was frustrated that Sesame Street , even with its appeal to adults , was still childrens programming . The Muppets were labeled `` kiddie entertainment '' by network executives .
poke	Torchic is angry , but as the Pokémon prepares to attack , Treecko throws a branch between them .
starwars	The Telos Security Force , often referred to simply as the TSF , also occupied a number of stations , which included offices , armories , and holding cells complete with force cages , within these entertainment modules .
starwars	Taskforce commanders were usually of the rank appropriate for the taskforce size .
poke	Beautifly attacks with Gust , blowing Jumpluff and Crobat , but in so doing , Dustox `` rides '' the wind and places the ring on the hook , so James wins .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- MuppetVJ Talk ) 0120 , June 3 , 2009
poke	Altaria is defeated , while Brock sees Ash wanted to find a moment for Grovyle to have a clear hit , while May is glad to know Ash had a plan .
muppet	Joe , do you still have that image ? Scott deleted it long ago , and I just created Tonight Locations , to get KMUP out of the larger category . So if you still have anything to add to that area , please , knock yourself out ! --
starwars	The spacer discovered that the shipment was stolen by the Ragtag gang but finally managed to retrieve it .
starwars	At some point between 2 BBY and 0 BBY , Han Solo ended up getting into a run-in with several Stormtroopers on the Star Tours space station .
poke	Ash remembers his Charizard , for Ash told it that Ash also worked as hard as Charizard .
starwars	Deploying stormtroopers throughout the facility , Barezz ordered them to capture the Rebels rather than kill them , as he wanted to interrogate them and find the location of the hidden Rebel base that Vanis planned to take them to .
starwars	Delta Squad sabotaged a bridge connecting the two sides of Kachirho , stopping the Confederacy 's advance .
starwars	Its goal was to destroy the reconstituted Sith Empire 's new warship , the `` Ascendant Spear '' under the command of Darth Karrid , a Falleen Sith Lord .
starwars	This sent the liege into a panic—the sensitive Ukian crops would be destroyed without the proper sunlight .
starwars	Temmin 's suspicions were proven right when he discovered that Brentin had been reprogrammed into an unwilling assassin of the Empire .
muppet	Sesame Street Jam A Musical Celebration is a special produced for Sesame Street ’ s Sesame Street 25th anniversary . Released in a slightly different form on video as Sesame Street 25 Wonderful Years in October 1993 , the special was shelved for its broadcast premiere on PBS until 1994 , during pledge drive season , and in many markets , aired as part of a marathon block with Sesame Street Home Video Visits the Sesame Street Visits the Firehouse , Put Down the Duckie Put Down the Duckie , and A New Baby in My House . The special was a companion to the prime-time network special , Sesame Street All-Star 25th Birthday Stars and Street Sesame Streets All-Star 25th Birthday Stars and Street Forever !
starwars	The Vahaba asteroids were in the Quelii sector , near Halmad , along the Outer Rim of the galaxy .
poke	Max is mad , claiming the real Kirlia and Gardevoir would never let Ralts fall into the hands of Team Rocket .
starwars	Pad 12 was located at Salis D'aar Spaceport .
muppet	Thanks , man , I knew that already . ; ) Peace . MuzikJunky 0301 , 1 January 2008
poke	James soon makes a similar concession when they find a cage of Koffing that Weezing will not hurt .
muppet	The Talk University of CTW Archives `` first season show content '' files list a numbe rof letter segments as `` Poverty A ''
muppet	Hey , Brad ! I noticed you added a bunch of pages for Elmos Christmas Countdown , which looks great . But youve been sticking them in Sesame Street Guest Stars . Per your own guidelines for that category way back , it was supposed to be limited to those who actually appeared on the show itself , not in videos , specials , movies , etc . Have you changed your mind ? Is it worth a category discussion ? Personally , I think it makes more sense to limit it to the show , despite any `` shared universe '' theory , since by the same token it would be misleading to list Mia Farrow or Lily Tomlin as Show Guest Stars when they actually appeared in related specials/pilots . --
poke	Meowth activates the remote , activating a machine hidden behind Dustox 's bow tie to spread glitter .
poke	Pikachu and the Treecko land on a tree before Team Rocket 's balloon blasts off .
muppet	In the Farscape The Peacekeeper Wars miniseries , it is implied that the Sebaceans were originally humans , taken from Earth tens of thousands of years ago . At the dawn of the Eidolons period of usefulness , they developed need of a guard for their effort toward peace . A race no one had quarrel with . A force to ensure harmony prevailed once negotiations had finished . The Eidolons took great care to choose a species no one had met before . They found a primitive race , barely clothed , far removed on the galaxys outer spiral . Having brought some of them back to their homeworld of Arnessk , their evolution was accelerated with `` generous alterations '' , until they became the Eidolons trusted acolytes .
poke	However , using the machines , they brought Lileep and Anorith from the Root and Claw Fossils to life .
starwars	Searching through the abandoned city , Akanah was able to find evidence that several of her Fallanassi family had fled to Teyr .
muppet	Credited as part of `` the Green Team '' , Hickey served as a wrangler for Kermit the Frogs guest host stint on Extreme Makeover Home Edition . Hickeys credits also include Sesame Beginnings and the non-Henson series Crank Yankers and Its a Big Big World .
muppet	In 1986 , Janice appeared as `` Tina Totally '' in a centerfold poster for Muppet Magazine Muppet Magazine issue issue 14 . The same picture was used in the 1993 Muppet Trading Cards set , with the tagline `` Whats Hair Got to Do with It ? ''
starwars	Ultrachrome 's resistance to lightsaber strikes was due to its superconductive nature .
poke	Ash states he wanted to focus on the battle , but Drake also tells Ash he should remember on emptying his mind from idle thoughts in any battle as his first priority .
muppet	In Episode 310 The Secret Society of The Secret Society of the Poobahs , it is revealed that Red is a member of the Poobahs serving as the Mind-Reader . Mokey didnt know about this until the end of the episode .
muppet	According to a press release `` each half-hour episode of Sesame Street is a shortened version of each one-hour program and will include a “ Street Story , ” a “ Whats the Word on the Word on the Street ” segment , The Word of the a celebrity vocabulary segment , songs , spoofs , dance breaks and popular segments like “ Cookies Crumby Pictures ” or “ Super Grover 2.0 . ”
starwars	Devian was personally trained by Darth Vader in The Squall as an assassin , and as such was a master of vibro-lance combat ; he considered himself an equal to that of Kir Kanos himself .
poke	Team Rocket leaves the building , with an angry Jessie accusing Chimecho of her loss .
poke	Meowth notices this and tries to attack May and Max , but Flannery has Mag use Flamethrower , pushing Meowth away , as Max and May carry Torkoal away .
poke	After falling down , Team Rocket got the pearl , making Jessie think it would lift up her social status .
poke	Corphish is getting more ill , so Ash gives it some cold water to cool down the fever .
poke	James states they will already have Pikachu in their hands once they are pumped out , which makes Meowth and Jessie skeptical .
starwars	The droid spent time at Maz Kanata 's castle on Takodana where he quietly observed the smugglers , brigands , scouts , and spies there .
starwars	The sentientologist Beyorth Gommdora theorized that the Wasilsi originated off-planet , either as colonists or the survivors of a starship crash-landing on Joralla .
poke	Despite the loss , May refuses to give up , insisting that she 's not done fighting .
starwars	Within the holocron , Vua recorded his thoughts on his role in the final defeat of the Yuuzhan Vong and his subsequent capture by the Sith faction One Sith .
poke	After the Coordinators had their first battles , May is to battle Josephina and Kelly against an unnamed contestant .
starwars	Darrick Bachman
muppet	Three-disc release . Unlike the release of the first twelve episodes , this release contains only the German episodes
poke	Elijah explains he displays the movies to the locals around these parts , who like movies , but do n't get much opportunities to watch them .
muppet	I also think they should be separated ; we dont generally combine multiple songs on one page . We may need to leave some sort of disambiguation-style page where we can leave anything we can not yet positively identify as one or the other .
muppet	Also , weve only got 100 pages to go until 12,000 and I really think we can do it before the 5th . —
poke	While Misty worries , the heroes enter the zeppelin , which crosses the desert and goes through a sandstorm .
poke	LCI began making news in the 1980s through licensing actual people , a variety of products , and even concepts .
muppet	Aurgh ! ! i am so anoyed , i spent ages on a article and my internet page suddenly Muppetstudios 1358 , 24 October 2008
muppet	Hi , Vinnie ! If youre still around , please look at Talk Of Sesame Street CASIO Keyboard ROM Pack . We cant find anything else on the topic for the page you started , and wed really need you to fill in any blanks . Thanks ! --
muppet	The script for Episode 0211 has non-descript entries for Countdown # 8 and # 9 ; I wasnt sure if there were some were missing , or if its just our numbers that dont make sense .
starwars	He surprised Niner by saying that he was intending to hunt down the Jedi on Mandalore , all in the name of Kad 's safety .
poke	May is nevertheless annoyed she had to lose to `` that kind of person '' , hoping her father would defeat the guy properly .
poke	Roderick spots that there are n't many berries around , leading them to believe Team Rocket is involved .
starwars	Durron remained confused as to how he was hearing voices in his mind if all the miners were already dead ; as Dorsk 82 drifted off to sleep , the young Human remained unable to silence the voices in his head .
starwars	To prevent damage to the Viceprex 's reputation , she decided to employ a data slicer herself to alter records that would make the underling look like a fool instead .
poke	Bart does not recall having any data about the Ancient Pokémon , except for Kyogre and Groudon .
poke	Ash 's Badge case , consisting of a red Poké Ball silhouette , does not get changed into a red rectangle .
poke	May sends Combusken , who attacks with Fire Spin , but is negated by Dustox 's Whirlwind .
muppet	Now youve made me hungry . --
starwars	The LS-4 was a model of personal speeder produced by Lergo during the Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire .
muppet	On The Muppet Show , he could be seen in the opening theme from season two and on , and appeared in a number of segments including as a `` dangerous '' animal in Episode 110 Harvey episode 110 , singing `` Oh Babe , What Would You Say ? '' with Kaye Ballard in Episode 123 Kaye episode 123 , detonating a blast for `` Schools Out '' in Episode 307 Alice episode 307 , and demolishing a desert research facility in Loretta Swits number , I Feel the Earth Move in Episode 502 Loretta episode 502 .
starwars	Sulfurous Moon sliders were one of the speciality sliders on the menu at Dex 's Diner on the planet Coruscant .
starwars	Order 4 was the fourth of created by the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars .
starwars	During the chaos , the `` M'hendosat 's '' reactor core sustained catastrophic damage , and the rebels barely managed to return to the `` Falcon '' and escape before it went critical , destroying the `` M'hendosat '' and the remaining crew -- all except for Kassihm , who managed to flee the ship in an escape pod just in time .
starwars	Mental boost implant
poke	Due to his fight with his sister , Max decides to play a prank on her , Ash and Brock with Shuppet .
muppet	Muppet Newsflash isnt an appropriate source for information like this . As far as I can tell , Gregs only source for this story is http//forum.muppetcentral.com/showthread.php ? p=621266 this thread on the Muppet Central forum . Forum posts arent a reliable source for the wiki , and neither are blog posts based on forum threads .
poke	Ash takes a way , but comes to a dead end , so May comments how he should shut his mouth first .
starwars	One such spy was Red who was evaluating the Rebel Alliance until they found out and imprisoned him for being a spy .
poke	They search for the pearl and Spoink sees a juggler , so it takes one of the balls , but soon returns it after the gang intervenes .
muppet	Darwin began his film effects career on Hellraiser III Hell on Earth and Waxwork II Lost in Time . Other credits outside the Creature Shop include 102 Dalmatians , Harry Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , and Into the Grizzly Maze . For Planet of the Rise of the Planet of the Apes , he puppeteered Baby Caesar .
starwars	This effectively worked in the Yuuzhan Vong 's favor , as the Jedi were now unable to destroy a single yammosk and thus send enemy forces into disarray .
poke	They soon find out Lunatone is weak and can be restored if it sees moonlight beams .
poke	Seeing it better nobody has the meteorite , Cozmo pushes the cannon ( with the meteorite inside ) into the lava .
poke	Juan bows in honor an thanks the mayor 's compliment , though tells everyone it is his Pokémon that deserve a praise - Seadra , Gorebyss , Azurill , Luvdisc , Wailmer , Goldeen and finally , Milotic .
poke	Team Rocket observes and Meowth imagines that their boss would build a base in a jungle and to avoid heat , he 'd use Bagon to crack a coconut and drink its milk , as well as give Team Rocket all bonuses .
muppet	Pedley Fraggle is a Fraggle painter who is featured in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 408 A Brush with A Brush with Jealousy . '' He takes frequent painting trips to seek inspiration , and his return sparks insecurity in Mokey Mokey . Unknown to her , Pedley actually admires her work and wishes he could paint as well as her .
poke	Brawly refuses to fight Ash today , since the waves are getting bigger for him to surf .
starwars	However , Dooku thwarted Bonteri 's peace initiative by having General Grievous execute a bombing on Coruscant , ensuring that the Republic Senate rejected the offer for negotiations , and the Sith Lord thereafter had Bonteri murdered .
starwars	He felt that if Calrissian had not made him look foolish , he would have succeeded Jabba the Hutt as the galaxy 's most powerful crime lord .
poke	The heroes are searching for Team Rocket , but May 's Bulbasaur goes to sniff a flower .
muppet	In animation , he voiced Inspector Gadget , the Clock King on Batman The Animated Series , and Cheetah on Kimba the White Lion . He has been a staple of German audiobooks and radio plays , often as comics characters .
poke	Treecko uses Pound , and with the improved speed , knocks Geodude away , amazing Max for Ash 's strategy .
muppet	The song was incorporated into the Shalom Sesame episode `` Show 10 Passover , '' with additional English translations .
poke	Max , Ash , Pikachu and Swellow bow down to him , wanting Vladimir to teach Swellow Aerial Ace .
muppet	What is the source for John appearing as an additional performer in Dog City ? Hes not listed on the Dog City Wikia page and I havent seen it listed anywhere else . The show seems to have been before all his other Muppets/Sesame credits . Theatrefreak25 0732 , 21 December 2008
poke	Pikachu is surrounded by the illusions , while the real Snorunt headbutts Pikachu .
starwars	Starkiller 's training gear was both simple and versatile seeing as it survived numerous training sessions and volatile missions .
starwars	When one of the `` Uglies '' destroyed an escape pod , L'ulo fired on the ship only to be shot down by another `` Ugly . ''
muppet	Hensons Place The Man Behind the Muppets is a 52-minute documentary that was made in 1984 . It covers the career of Jim Henson and the Muppets , starting from its inception up to his planning of Labyrinth . It was narrated by Julia McKenzie , who also did the interviewing . Those interviewed were Jim Henson , Jane Henson , Frank Oz , Michael K. Michael Frith , Joan Ganz Cooney , Jerry Juhl , David Lazer and Lord Lew Grade . Also interviewed are Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy , in the beginning not really knowing who Jim Henson was , and later giving different points of view on their potential marriage .
muppet	The tour visited twelve United US cities . In New York City , the exhibit appeared at the Museum of Television and Radio , displayed in the Steven Spielberg Gallery from February 17 to March 11 , 1999 . The tour made its final visit to Sothebys in March of 1999 . At its close , CTW hosted a gala event benefiting three childrens charities The Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation , Reading Is Fundamental , and The National Black Child Development Institute .
starwars	Between the Battle of Yavin and the Battle of Hoth during the Galactic Civil War , the experiments began to cause increased aggression in the womp rats , leading to an increase in attacks by the vermin on locals .
muppet	File Muppets and Toyota Highlander Get Ice Cream The Muppets and Toyota Highlander Fosters Old Fashioned Get Ice Cream
muppet	Finally , we dont give song pages for non-Muppet portions of the Julie Andrews specials , for example , no matter how heavy the Muppet involvement . We categorized this as a Muppet special based on their being part of the title , but if recategorizing as an appearance will satisfy concerns , fine . I dont think in either case that it changes how we handle non-Muppet portions that arent produced by the Muppet people , have no Muppet involvement , and ultimately really can simply be listed on the specials page .
starwars	The Gerrard V military was the local defense force of Gerrard V. In 0 BBY , segments of the military , including General Camon Udeon , staged an uprising on the planet , seizing the capital city of Harazod .
muppet	Did we ever decide what to do with the albums not made under the direction of CTW ? I would propose that we make two small discographies . One would be called `` Sesame Street Related albums '' , and have Bobs and Susans non-Sesame Street Records albums
muppet	Over the last few weeks , weve been trying to decide on a redesign for the Muppet Main Page . We held
starwars	Kag'areth Queen appears in `` '' during the Bounty Hunter class mission on Balmorra .
muppet	Hey , Tony ! I cant thank you enough for the perfect shot of Ernie in the `` Flood at the Library '' sketch . Id never seen that one , until I ran across it on SS.org , and then I realized it wasnt on the wiki . Ive now watched it a bunch of times , and I cant stop laughing , especially at all the stuff that Bert says while Ernies talking ! Thanks again ! --
starwars	The two infiltrated the base of those dealing in the crystal and briefly claimed it , but it was later reclaimed by General Grievous .
starwars	An unabridged copy was also released .
poke	Gorebyss uses Confusion , causing them to levitate , then Pikachu uses Thunder .
muppet	Hi Samthecliche ! Great stuff , the cast lists youve been adding . I presume youre connected to the tour somehow . If youd consider mentioning to even just a few of the performers that theyd be welcome to add a couple of sentences about their dance/theatre background , to the Sesame Street Live performers page . Not everyones on there yet , and most only have tidbits of information Ive found in their interviews . But if any of them would like to promote themselves , theres certainly nothing stopping them from adding it , so long as they keep it `` encyclopedic '' and classy . -- Zanimum 1537 , 8 January 2009
starwars	Kenobi followed the trail of the toxic dart which ended the life of the assassin while Skywalker escorted the Senator back to Naboo .
poke	As dark clouds gather , Shelly receives info some intruders came to release the Ancient Pokémon , so Archie accuses Maxie for even more sabotage .
starwars	Shortly before Chewbacca 's escape from Xizor 's palace , he was seen on the floor by Leia .
muppet	Cover `` Special Collector Poster Issue ! ''
poke	When Julie gives the Numel berries , Max and Brock offer help to take care of Numel .
starwars	Soon after , the Jedi Order , fearful of an attack on the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine and the possible loss of many valuable relics , chose Telos as the site for a secret Jedi academy and repository .
starwars	When General Luke Skywalker 's flagship `` Justice '' was destroyed by Lord Shadowspawn 's gravity bomb , Tirossk became the unofficial commander of the Rapid Response Task Force by virtue of his seniority .
starwars	Ooroo was later given the title of the Martyr of Kirrek for his actions on the barren planet .
poke	Professor Proctor admits he wants to open a theme park , revolving around ancient Pokémon , which is his dream .
starwars	IRAPS cerebral stabilizer
muppet	He has appeared in the videos Elmos Sing-Along Guessing Game , Lets Eat ! Funny Food Songs , and A Celebration of Me , Grover . He was in the specials The Sesame Street Special , Elmo Saves Christmas Elmo Saves Christmas , and Cinderelmo , and the feature film The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland , where he was performed by David Rudman , and mostly dubbed later by Jerry Nelson .
starwars	When Yulan stated that they were dead , Kerra reiterated that they still mattered .
starwars	Palpatine consolidated his power by launching Purges against his opponents , most notably the Old Republic officers , whom he had not been able to seduce to his side .
muppet	Hi , Alex ! I saw your collection of bumpers on YouTube , and I wondered if you could look at the list of Sesame Street Animated Openings , in case you might know of any others . Thanks ! --
starwars	Some believed he was once a senatorial page taken under Palpatine 's wing , while other rumors asserted that he was an assistant at the Jedi Archives on Coruscant who was ultimately seduced by the dark side of the Force .
starwars	The Commander , Senya and Arcan approached the Alliance base from the hangar entrance , where Aric Jorgan assisted them from a sniper vantage point , and having cleared the base of enemies , proceeded to the face-to-face with Vaylin .
muppet	As for citing audio , arent there podcast aggregators that keep a database of episodes published through itunes , stitcher , and the like ?
poke	Kenny says that their father is not at home right now and mentions there is some problem with him , but is stopped when Caroline reunites with her children .
poke	Team Rocket takes Armaldo inside the machine ; the heroes try forcing them to free Armaldo , but Team Rocket goes away to the lab to steal other Fossil Pokémon .
starwars	When Lando Calrissian infiltrated the mine and destroyed several water tanks inside the mine , which flooded the area , Lugus nearly drowned as he was washed out of the mine .
poke	4Kids Entertainment was the first dubbing company that dubbed Pokémon into English dialogue .
muppet	Ms. Betty Ardath moves next door to Docs workshop , opening up The Captains Inn bed-and-breakfast , on Fraggle Rock . First mentioned in the second season episode `` Episode 220 A Cave of Ones A Cave of Ones Own , '' Doc was initially resistant to her presence , but is won over by her charm and soon works part-time at the Inn , performing many odd jobs . Occasionally , Sprocket teasingly implies that Doc has a crush on Ms. Ardath , and Docs own behavior does not contradict such a conclusion . Ms. Ardath owns an airedale named Marigold , who Sprocket himself is in love with .
muppet	From Kenmore , New York ,
muppet	Music and Lyrics
muppet	Youre right ... Wiki articles should be made of facts , and not opinions . Go ahead and edit it to be more NPOV . -- Toughpigs 1835 , 8 Dec 2005
poke	This impresses Team Rocket , whose balloon gets cut by Grovyle 's Leaf Blade and blasts them away .
starwars	After his appointment , Haazen called Lucien to order him back to the Draay Estate to report on the Covenant Shadow Celeste Morne .
poke	Anita tells Kenny is quite afraid of Pokémon , even if adults claim bonding with Pokémon should come at an early age .
starwars	However , Vonreg learned there was a spy on the `` Colossus '' , and Captain Doza became aware that Xiono was up to something .
poke	Ash 's friends are glad Ash managed to cancel Aerial Ace attack and immediately defeat Winona 's Swellow .
starwars	It had been intended that the X-wing series would be replaced by the E-wing approximately six years after the Battle of Endor , but initial design issues relating to the weapons placement delayed wide-spread introduction into the New Republic military .
poke	Ash and Brock order their Pokémon to attack Seviper , who uses Haze to dampen their sight .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Muppet Christmas Carol page .
muppet	`` Blanket of Snow '' is a song performed by Philo and Philo , Gunge and Mokey Mokey in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 305 Blanket of Snow , Blanket of Blanket of Snow , Blanket of Woe . '' Philo and Gunge sing the song when Marjory the Trash Heap becomes frozen after the first big snow fall , because Mokey forgot to knit the tarpaulin she promised for Marjory .
starwars	A peace summit was formed in this time between the noble houses that was being administered by Jedi Master Sidonie Garen though the Terals lacked an individual to represent their interests .
starwars	The Alliance X-wings were repainted into T-65B X-wing starfighter Exterior Variant /1 and T-65B X-wing starfighter Exterior Variant /2 .
starwars	Through the Force , he is aware of greater events taking place in other parts of the galaxy .
muppet	I just had an idea that Id like to throw out to the group -- a Muppet Christmas portal , along the same lines as the Sesame Street 40th Anniversary portal that we made last month . Something that we can link to in the sidebar and at the top of the main page that helps people find the best Christmas content .
muppet	Juan Iglesias began his show business career as a dancer and performed in numerous stage , television and movie productions . He played the role of Cookie Monster Cookie Monster in the original touring cast of A Sesame Street Mystery The Case of the Missing Rara Avis , the first version of Sesame Street Live .
muppet	The song was also used in an RCA stereo television demonstration film produced by Jim Henson in 1970 , where it was performed by a jazz combo comprised of Sesame Street band members Joe Raposo , Ed Shaughnessy , Danny Epstein , Toots Thielemans , and Bob Bobby Cranshaw . 2Sk7wh-GD_Q } }
poke	Can it ever be more social with other Pokémon , and why is Jessie 's Silcoon purple right after it evolved ?
muppet	I am Thomas246 from Formspring . I love video games , and also many , many more wikis on the computer . I live in Honolulu , Hawaii . Below , I will list my Top Four Muppets/Monsters on this wiki
muppet	Recently I got a Kermit the Frog piggy bank that says copyright Appluase , and while getting him there was also a Baby Kermit Pirate piggy bank and a baby Ernie piggy bank . The last 2 Im not 100 % sure they are by SesameStreet
muppet	Bruno appeared on the show through Season 24 season 24 . After several years in storage , the puppets foam disintegrated .
starwars	Telettoh , who was aware of the Mandalorian 's high profile due to his recent victory in the Tandem Open sporting event , helped Ferroh restrain Malak .
starwars	He had just recently repaired them all and wishing to repay him they agreed to help him rescue Bonteri and Tano .
muppet	File Piggy Steals Kerry Washingtons White Hat - The Piggy wears Washingtons characters hat
starwars	Believed to have been created by the early Sith , they likely arose alongside the Makashi form of lightsaber combat .
muppet	Whos performing Suzy ? It sounds like Jane , but thats just my thought . -- User Big V 2322 , 20 April 2006
poke	Treecko jumps and pounds Jessie , who accidentally presses a button , releasing the Treecko group .
muppet	Just keep that in mind for future edits . A page like that with an image in place can use more text , but not more images .
poke	Julie decides to stop the battle , while May is curious , as how can Skitty use Ember or Silver Wind .
muppet	Rizzo especially is perfect but my favorites are probably Beaker and Animal .
poke	Pikachu takes out a can of Pokémon food , but is terrified there is no food in it .
muppet	File Bloomberg Announces Jim Henson Exhibit at The Museum of the Moving
poke	Ash , Rita and Brock run off to find her , but Nicole warns them the night will come soon .
poke	Shroomish becomes sad and walks inside the mansion , with Ash and Max following it .
poke	However , Team Rocket turn the Skiploom machine on and try to capture the Pokémon .
poke	Before they leave , James gives Cacnea a bag of cookies , since it did save their lives .
poke	The final battle for Ash 's final badge continues as he has managed to beat Juan 's Sealeo and Seaking .
muppet	Hey ! Oddharmonic just added Elmos World Wild Animals , which could be useful in developing a standardized format for Elmos World . Though Im not sure if we need to mention Dorothys fishbowl decoration or not .
muppet	Leaving rambling messages requesting episodes you remember and creating multiple accounts to do so wont make it happen .
muppet	I found this article from The Dispatch in 1975 discussing the special , and it mentions a bit that I did not see in the show . The scene in question is highlighted in the image below
poke	Meowth thinks that if they were to anger Kyogre , it would attack them by summoning a wave .
starwars	Taria additionally accompanied him on many diplomatic missions , attended official meetings of the Galactic Senate , and occasionally spoke publicly on the Chancellor 's behalf .
starwars	Marcos Martin
poke	Grovyle uses Solar Beam , while Corphish uses Harden and Treecko goes behind Corphish .
muppet	Instead of a bone , Old Mother Hubbard brings her dog various objects which rhyme with `` bone '' , including a stone , a throne , and finally a phone . Online Sesamestreet.org c4c4092d-1563-11dd-a62f-919b98326687 } }
muppet	The Muppets were scheduled to appear at a special presentation by The Muppets Studio on Sunday , September 13 . Before entering the venue , each of the attendees received a raffle ticket , and throughout the presentation , various pieces of Muppet merchandise were raffled off . The presentation , hosted by Lylle Breier , detailed some of the future plans for the Muppets . Pepe the King Prawn , Sam the Eagle , Gonzo , Fozzie Bear and the Swedish Chef appeared .
poke	Ash almost falls into a hole , making Brock realize that the Ninjask know using Dig move .
starwars	With the investigation complete , the three made their way to the docking bay of the ship , where the Jedi reunited with their ride , piloted by fellow Jedi Garen Muln , an old friend of Obi-Wan 's .
starwars	Wind Riders
poke	Shelly confirms this , knowing Team Aqua will rule the world , then dives into the sea .
starwars	The system was located along a popular freighter traffic route .
muppet	I made a mistake while editing this . Could someone please fix that ? User9 .
poke	One of them is a can opener , but when the device opens the can , it sprays the liquid on him , so the audience disperses .
starwars	Nirama had Jobril round up the spies and then had Xav Verivax deliver them to Darkside , another of the Organization 's asteroid bases .
starwars	The PC game mistakenly places Bimmisaari in the Fakir sector of the Galactic Core .
muppet	The North American Society of Tinkerers is an organization for inventors on Fraggle Rock , promoting both social events and academic reports on new developments in the field . Doc is a member , despite claiming that the society has no imagination . The group was first mentioned in `` Episode 102 Wembley and the Wembley and the Gorgs , '' in which they selected Doc as Man of the Year . Their award , interestingly , bears the name `` International Society of Tinkerers . ''
muppet	I was watching come dvds from the last version of Barrio Sesamo and Ive noticed there where some Sesame Park inserts with Basil and Katie ... Is this also done with otheer versions , and is there a place for special Pino 2036 , 23 February 2009
poke	Marshtomp uses Iron Tail , but the attack is stopped due to Treecko 's Bullet Seed .
starwars	However , they came face-to-face with Jedi Masters Quinlan Vos and Shaak Ti , whose Padawan , Fe Sun , was killed by Lyshaa .
starwars	As the monstrous serpent gave its last breath , it began to topple onto the battleground , and its dead body smashed directly on top of Kendle , killing her instantly .
starwars	Kanna Deltic , nicknamed Lieutenant Strangechild by her crewmate Commander Nibiru Chamas , was a human lieutenant in the Imperial Navy and the planetary science specialist of the Imperial Star Destroyer `` Ultimatum '' during its mission to the Gorse system in 11 BBY .
muppet	Congratulations on hitting 2,000 Muppet characters ... You had to dig deep for that ! I was looking through my stuff , trying to figure out what else I could mine , and I was having a hard time ... And then you come along with Neat Stuff To Know
poke	Instead , Ash places Pikachu and Corphish on a plank , as he crosses the river .
starwars	Shell Hutts and some humanoid species could breathe freely in its atmosphere .
poke	However , Claydol is very heavy , causing the balloon not to move , so Jessie claims it should be captured , despite its ugliness .
starwars	Chidee Na Maak was gregarious and outgoing .
starwars	Mustafar system/Legends
muppet	Humongous is the mechanical guard to the Goblin City in Labyrinth . He stands 15 feet tall , and carries an axe . He was operated by one of the goblins , prior to his destruction by Hoggle . Humongous has only one line of dialogue in the film , which he repeats over and over `` Who goes ? ''
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile , but the attack is deflected by Forretress ' Rapid Spin .
starwars	Maul 's murdering of the Vigos is referenced in the , `` '' , `` '' , and `` Darth Plagueis '' .
poke	When Team Rocket hears the legend , they unleash the Claydol that 's going on a rampage .
poke	Brock asks why Shauna is n't Brawly 's apprentice , so Brawly explains that she uses Pokémon as a brute force than to bonding with them .
starwars	While Freyyr had the warblade during scenes in the Kashyyyk Shadowlands , the warblade was not the sword that Freyyr used later in the game when taking back his position as chieftain from his son , Chuundar .
poke	While Juliet reminds Romeo of his promise to marry her ( to which Romeo accepts ) , Brock is very sad that Juliet did n't choose him .
muppet	Hi G. Whyd you revert the picture of Marshal Grover ? The new version is cleaner , doesnt have any logos and includes the fence which is the topic of the sketch . Scott
poke	As everyone is clinging to the end of the cages , Nurse Joy and Ash arrive , the latter ordering Corphish to use Crabhammer to destroy the cages .
starwars	A healed Emperor Palpatine attacked the Resistance and galactic forces , but he was stopped by Rey .
muppet	The strip was referenced in the Muppet Babies episode Episode 606 Comic Comic Capers . The Babies are making up a story from cut out panels from the Sunday comics , wandering through Blondie , Crock , Alley Oop Alley Oop and Peanuts .
starwars	Atrivis Day group
starwars	The paralight system was a combination of mechanical and electro-optical subsystems built into the hyperdrive system of most starships .
muppet	Luis Leonardo Suárez is a Mexican voice actor who voices Baby Kermit on Muppet Babies the Spanish dub of Muppet Babies . He also dubbed Warrick Brownlow-Pike for the Spanish audio track of The Crystal Calls Making the Dark Crystal Age of Resistance .
muppet	A dark green hunchbacked Frackle debuted in Episode 507 Glenda Jackson of The Muppet Show .
muppet	In December , they launched http//ebooks.sesamestreet.org/ a collection of eBooks , including some with audio from the actual characters . The site ranked # 15 in TIMEs `` 50 Best Websites 2010 . ''
muppet	Well , the Koch CDs are starting to arrive . I bought one
poke	Skitty joggles the balls and gives them to Abby , making an impressive performance .
muppet	Sesame Street Unpaved says he is among the celebs who have recited or sang the ABCs on the show . When ? -- user
poke	The heroes see a landslide , which knocked over some of the trees , suspecting that 's where the Seedot drink moisture from .
muppet	Thank you ! Im answering you over here so I can mess with the pictures . If it wouldnt be too much trouble , could you scan the labels of the ones you dont have cases or inserts for ? Im finding out that some titles have been released on tape by all three labels
muppet	Sesame Subjects My First Book about Reptiles is a 2007 Sesame Street book in the `` Sesame Subjects '' series .
muppet	Just FYI I just edited Episode 506 Brooke Shields -- its Tin Woodman , not Woodsman . Baum wrote a book called Wikipedia Tin Woodman of The Tin Woodman of Oz . -- Danny Toughpigs 0014 , 9 March 2006
muppet	Is there a source for the fact that Anything Muppet characters usually get rebuilt into their own , permaneant puppets after becomming successful or getting used alot ? Im sure that Count von Count and Prairie Dawn have their own puppets , but I do wonder about some of the more minor characters
muppet	Wander McMooch is a villain from Fraggle Rock . His first appearance was in Episode 216 Junior Sells the Farm .
starwars	As a member of the Task Force on Alliance Security , Tirranna wrote reports on potential threats to the Rebel Alliance , including former enemies Venithon Twins and Mox Slosin .
poke	Shauna is frustrated , as Brawly said Ash was a good Trainer , even better than her , so she challenges him to a fight to prove she 's better .
starwars	In 35 ABY , Kijimi was obliterated by the `` Xyston-class '' Star Destroyer `` Derriphan '' of the Sith Eternal Final Order fleet .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 2018 , November 24 , 2009
muppet	Backstage , Clifford and Rizzo discuss the show , and decide that what the show needs is a celebrity guest star . Miss Piggy then shows up and offers to be the guest star on one condition Clifford must give Piggys dim-witted nephews , Andy and Randy Pig , a job on the show . After talking with them , Clifford figures that hell probably regret hiring them .
poke	Meowth yells at Jessie and James for not following the directions , who point out Meowth is terrible with directions .
starwars	K'vath system
poke	Meowth is struggling and scratches the costume , so he is blown away into midair as the air inside is going out of the costume .
muppet	The characters appeared outside of their segment on two occasions - in `` Episode 143 Whats Your Favorite Whats Your Favorite Sport ? '' . The two are also glimpsed in the series opening sequence - as Tingos flight arrives in New York City , the Mothra-type monster is seen flying over the city as the Godzilla-esque monster traipses through the Hudson River .
starwars	Leia Organa was briefly held captive by the Galactic Empire ( after Vilim Disra turned her in ) there in 0.5 ABY .
poke	Jessie sends Arbok to attack , but the latter gets hit by Pikachu 's Quick Attack .
poke	Max orders his Poliwag to fight , but Kenny advises him to use Water Gun , since Max could 've lost the match against Tommy by being defensive .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Parody Calendar The Sequel page .
muppet	I dont know if anyones noticed this before , but if you look at the photo , you can spot three Sesame Street characters in the group Cookie Monster , Harry
poke	The grandson of the owner decides to tear down the mansion as planned , but to convert all of that land into a forest for the Shroomish .
starwars	The Organa Air Cavalry were a military unit loyal to the House of Organa , one of the Great Houses of Alderaan , during the Alderaan Civil War .
starwars	LGB is the standard acronym for Lehmann Gross Bahn , a model railroading system .
poke	The heroes leave the Pokémon Center ; Ash finds it amazing Nurse Joy knows about May and Max , who reply it is only because their father is famous .
muppet	Muppets Big Bird , Ernie , Bert , Cookie Monster , Kermit the Frog , Oscar the Grouch , Anything Muppets
muppet	There are alot of muppet things on youtube that no i know has up . On my youtube sn i put up a interview with Gonzo , Miss Piggy and Kermti promoting The Muppet Wizard of Oz . Also there is one where Piggy gets fired . And TV Land Awards interview with eric , and steve . And more so i was wondering how to get the you tube thing up ?
muppet	Id like to ask you to switch back to Jbrangwynne53 , and abandon this new name . We like you as Jbrangwynne53 ! --
poke	While Loudred is sleeping , the man admits he is traveling around to enter the Hoenn League and has two badges , though admits it is quite hard .
starwars	Vickie Williams is a letterer on a number of Dark Horse `` Star Wars '' comics .
muppet	General H. Norman Conquest appeared in Episode 219 Nuts To War ( part part 1 and Episode 220 Nuts To War ( part part 2 of `` Nuts to War '' on Dinosaurs . General Conquest is in charge of the Two-Legger army during Pangaeas war with the Four-Leggers over the supply of pistachio nuts . In the second part , he takes a shining to Roy Hess , in drag as a USO girl .
poke	While Ash yells out to get Steven 's attention , while Brock places some stickers , so they can find their way out later on .
starwars	He eventually made his way to Kal'Shebbol , where he opened a repair facility .
muppet	So if tech people dont respond or say its too low priority , we can no-wiki the tags .
muppet	`` The first Muppet Christmas Cards were prints made by Jim Henson himself . They later became more elaborate but always reflected the corporate spirit that Jim valued ! ''
poke	Suddenly , May and Max are in trouble , since a school of Sharpedo had surrounded them .
poke	Quickly , however , Solrock and Lunatone attack them , causing Swellow to fall down .
poke	Sara worries where her parents have gone to , so Ash promises to rescue the parents and reclaim Togepi back .
muppet	On Broadway , Ivey won two Tony Awards for Steaming and Hurlyburly . Other Broadway credits include Stephen Stephen Sondheims Follies and Noël Noël Cowards Blithe Spirit . On TV , she was a lead on several short-lived series and voiced Eleanor Sherman on The Critic . She made three appearances on Will
starwars	The Jedi , having survived the Federation 's efforts to kill them , escaped to Naboo where they rescued Queen Padmé Amidala and her entourage .
muppet	I have read on a website somewhere that Lips was designed to have his hands permaneantly attached to his trumpet . Does anybody know if there is an official source regarding this fact
poke	Max blames Meowth for the trouble they are in , but Meowth hopes they could put their past behind and work together .
muppet	Is the spelling `` galley-o-hoop-hoop '' listed somewhere or is the article titled phonetically ? -- User Cantus Rock 2058 , 21 August 2006
poke	Ash claims the trainer can choose either Treecko or Mudkip , though the trainer 's father sees they all look fine .
muppet	To kick-off the schools 90th birthday celebrations in 2014 , Telly Monster are appearing for `` Sesame Friends Meet , Greet and Sing-A-Long '' . Held on Sunday , March 30 , 2014 , the two hour ticketed event included a chance for children to create a puppet , `` decorate cupcakes , get the chance to meet the local puppeteers and their puppets , and join in on a sing-a-long . ''
poke	Max is glad to see Bulbasaur up close , admitting he learned a lot from Professor Oak 's lectures .
poke	Ash and Pikachu come out of the Pokémon Center , to go to the Gym where the former is going to have a second battle for his next badge .
starwars	Order of the Silver Jedi
muppet	Hi , Dean ! I noticed you added info to Nicki Napoleon , saying the band was in Little Muppet Monsters . Have you seen the first episode ? Are you sure the name was mentioned , or it was just some penguin band ? Id greatly appreciate an answer , however brief . Thanks ! -- Andrew , Aleal 1856 , 20 March 2006
muppet	Brown turned himself in to police on February 8 , 2009 , following an altercation with his girlfriend , pop singer Rihanna . Brown was booked on suspicion of making criminal threats to Rihanna , and was under investigation for a domestic violence charge . In response , Sesame Workshop announced that `` Episode a 2007 Sesame Street episode guest-starring Brown is being pulled from future airings . `` ,
starwars	Her refusal to deactivate her hyperdrive while planetside was also the result of her reliance on luck , as was her choice to always carry a blaster by her side .
starwars	After helping the colonists settle on the planet , Katarn returned to Sulon .
starwars	For instance , a web enhancement written by Abel G. Peña for the 2008 book `` Knights of the Old Republic Campaign Guide '' introduces a Sorcerer of Tund named Karnak Tetsu who is a Sith Offshoot .
muppet	The Number of the Day A remake of the Number Song Series brings forth 4096 } }
starwars	They had pointed ears and were renowned for their beauty .
poke	Ash points out they need more practice , so May throws three frisbees , allowing Beautifly to levitate them in mid-air .
poke	Grovyle jumps and uses Pound , but is Slaking grabs Grovyle by its leaf on the head .
muppet	Illescas was heard in the Spanish dubs of numerous films and TV series , usually in bit parts as reporters , policeman , the violinist in Titanic , or an orc in The Lord of the The Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring . Some of his more substantial dubbing assignments included Sean Bean in James GoldenEye , John Cleese in The World is Not Enough , John Glover in Batman
poke	Among the company 's licenses at the time were Farrah Fawcett of Charlie 's Angels fame , Charlie Chan , James Bond 007 , a wide array of Nintendo characters and products , the Hulk , Buck Rogers in the 25th Century TV Series and many others .
muppet	His other credits include roles on Castle , Community , and Desperate Housewives . He has been a cast member at http//improtheatre.com/cast/brian-jones/ Impro Theatre since 2005 .
starwars	She grew frustrated and left Solo 's apartment , where the designers had been coming , to go on a walk .
starwars	Oss Wilum had yet to depart for Onderon , so he accompanied Thon to meet Nomi , whom they saw standing on a hill overlooking the Tchuukthai 's house .
starwars	Despite failing to kill Dooku , Vos was pardoned by the Jedi Council after he rejected the dark side and continued serving the Jedi war effort .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1417 , 17 February 2006
starwars	Jaidra
muppet	Scott , could you replace this image with the one of Carmen on the steps with Rosita from the People Magazine article SS puppeteer spread ? This one is pretty outdated . I tried to get it from kfiles.scarecroe.com , but the link is broken . Scooter 0228 , 3 February 2006
muppet	The following day , President Bird and his friends assume their roles in the administration
muppet	WSJ Tell us about the dress Marc Jacobs designed for you . What was working with Marc like ?
poke	They have breakfast and Ash promises to begin his training , while Brock recalls anywhere on the island is fine for Ash to train .
poke	Corphish uses Harden , with Treecko hiding behind Corphish , who continues taking damage .
poke	Lance plans has Ash come with him on Dragonite , while the others go on his Gyarados .
starwars	To Fey'lya 's amazement , Antilles defied his direct orders and engaged the Imperial drops ships as they attempted to fight off the New Republic presence .
poke	The Shroomish uses Leech Seed on Team Rocket , causing Jessie and James to yell at Meowth for opening the windows .
muppet	P.S . I didnt know where to house this , so I put `` Creature Shop Albums . '' Somebody can move it if they want . If not , Ill officially create the category
muppet	Hey Kid , Im going to create the Disney Store Merchandise category , and start moving stuff . As for changing article titles from Muppet towels
muppet	Maybe I will for quite some time , Ghostytreat . In fact , I uploaded some from Sesame Streets Tumblr website . -- Max
starwars	It set up a smuggling ring on Nar Shaddaa and pretended to be a proxy for a man called Goto , who does not exist in reality and appears only in holograms .
muppet	Im unsure about how your photo made it to the wiki ; did you by chance post it on a social networking site or some such place ? You might want to ask the person that uploaded it , but Im hoping its alright with you that we feature it .
muppet	The reason we have the }
starwars	While Graballa tried to contact the Clawdite royal family , Baash hoisted `` Princess Kortessi '' .
poke	Beautifly uses String Shot , but Roselia launches Solar Beam , destroying the string and damaging Beautifly .
poke	Meowth points out Jessie 's Wurmple branch evoked into a Cascoon , not a Silcoon .
starwars	Oovo Adnan
muppet	Hey you ... Ive added an image to the discussion at Talk Rehearsal Room and Im interested in your input . --
muppet	Elmo Good Night Stories is a 2002 Sesame Street board book . The storybook contains four stories Elmos Lullaby '' , `` Ernie on The the Moon '' , `` Under the Bed '' and `` While You Are Sleeping '' .
poke	The next day , the heroes board on the ship and bid farewell to Professor Oak , Professor Birch and Joshua .
starwars	Two former members of Beckett 's crew , Han Solo and Chewbacca , eventually made their way to the planet , where Solo won the `` Millennium Falcon '' from Calrissian in a game of sabacc .
starwars	The Rogue party accepted invitations to stay overnight at Huff 's estate , and Darklighter 's family traveled over from their farm to spend time with him .
muppet	In Munchin Impossible , theres a character named Gingerbread Man . Should this article move to `` Gingerbread Man
muppet	Greased Lightning is a racing wig that appears in the `` Muppet Sports '' sketch in The Muppet Show , Episode 310 Marisa episode 310 . Louis Kazagger asks the Wig Trainer if he calls his wig Greased Lightning because its speedy . `` No , cause its greasy , '' the Trainer explains .
poke	She disguises a Teddiursa as a Spinda and when Spinda would go to help it , they 'd take them one by one until finding the real one .
muppet	Leafy Green Vegetables , mistaken for one of the Seven Deadly Sins , was trying to find the Seven Basic Foods pageant in the 1975 pilot The Muppet Show Sex and Violence .
muppet	His name and they way its mentioned is a reference to Wikipedia The The Waltons .
muppet	There is a book in the background of many of the pictures from this episode that I think is written by Mr. Snuffy that looks to be called `` Are you my Brother ? '' The article says nothing about it , and Im curious , especially since its most likely a take on the classic childrens book Are You My Mother ? . --
poke	On January 11 , 2011 , the company announced that Alfred Kahn , the CEO and Chairman of the Company since March 1991 , had left the company .
starwars	During the Cold War between the First Order and the Resistance , First Order officer Commander Pyre and Major Elrik Vonreg worked with Kragan Gorr and his Warbird gang in raiding and attacking the `` Colossus '' .
muppet	`` Put Down the Duckie '' , performed by Hoots the Owl and Ernie , encourages one not to let possessions get in the way of other activities . Ernie wants to play the saxophone , but due to the presence of Rubber Duckie Rubber Duckie in his hand , he can only produce a squeak .
starwars	With the release of Game Update 4.0 on October 20 , 2015 , he was removed from the game .
muppet	Buddy Glimmer is the charismatic dinosaur host of the game show Family Challenge in Episode 202 Family episode 202 of Dinosaurs .
poke	Sandshrew is able to escape Team Rocket 's clutches by using Dig to get back to A.J .
starwars	She then persuaded the Elder Houses to strip Lady Carise of all her royal titles , reducing her to a commoner .
muppet	Bram is a sinister-seeming dog who appears in the Dog City Dog City episode `` Episode 107 The The Bloodhound . '' His looks and manner recall the traditional Dracula image , from the cape and cowl to sharp claws , teeth , and a Transylvanian accent .
starwars	Mesh trap
poke	Savannah tells May and Max are Norman 's children , but Sandra claims Savannah can get carried away , especially in the MFP .
starwars	With the start of the Clone Wars and a blockade by Jedi Master Darrus Jeht on the Almas Academy , the facility held the classes that could not take place on Almas .
muppet	I know . I didnt mean to . I was just trying to put a version of the song in its correct place chronologically and somehow that whole table issue ended up happening . I tried to fix it , but I wasnt able to . Im glad you did . Garrettk41 1212 , 4 January 2008
muppet	So this grouchs name is Ernest , his brothers name Oscar . Anyone get the connection ? If Im not mistaken , this is a reference to the play `` The Importance of Being Ernest '' by Oscar Wilde . It seems to me that Sesame Street sometimes did that , featuring a grouch with a name that had previously gone with Oscar in another manner . I could be wrong , but I highly doubt it was just a coincidence that the names Oscar and Ernest were thrown together a second time . Garrettk41 2011 , April 8 , 2012
poke	At the waiting room , May is glad Savannah did good , though Savannah admits she did n't have much faith in herself .
muppet	Also , article talk pages arent really there to ask opinions about favorite skits and so on . Theyre there to discuss issues which directly affect the factual , grammatical , or stylistic content of the article . To quote from our work in progress Muppet Wiki and Policy Page , `` This space doesnt lend itself well to social conversations about favorite memories or looking for merchandise . '' Youre free to discuss anything on your personal talk page , or even other peoples
poke	Max thinks they should go to higher level , but Brock thinks that the wave will flood the island and Groudon as well .
starwars	Star Wars Trilogy Sourcebook , Special Edition
muppet	Hi there . I noticed you reverted part of my recent edit to Episode 105 The Thirty-Minute Work Week . While I do realize that you must have been correct in doing so , Ive noticed that neither Sprocket nor the Trash Heaps pages make any mention of their puppets being redesigned during the course of the series , whereas the pages for Gobo and Ma Gorg both mention the changes that were made to them . Since I dont know anything about these redesigns , do you think you could edit both Sprockets and Marjorys pages , so that other people wont get confused like I did ? Besides , Im curious as to just how these two characters were redesigned . Thanks ! -- Tracy , the 500weasel 0347 , January 20 , 2011
starwars	Northern Slope
muppet	Hey Kate . So far , Im loving your contributions to the SS episodes that the majority of us do not have . What other episodes do you have in mind to post ? I have keep track of what classic SS episode I own . http//www.mediafire.com/ ? z5zt2njlyzt Most of them are already on muppet wiki . You dont have to worry about the ones that are already on the list which are not yet on muppet wiki . But maybe you can identify the ones that have the unidentified numbers ? Id be happy to help if I can . Jonnytbird4789 1459 , April 7 , 2010
starwars	Luke is quickly pulled out and the fight moves to the emergency platform .
starwars	Celebrating the end of the destructive Clone Wars and the creation of the New Order , the Emperor founded Empire Day as the national holiday of the Empire .
poke	A man and a woman are going to inspect the meteorite , so they ride inside a vehicle .
poke	May orders Skitty to use Blizzard , but the latter sees an Aipom being given a Pokéblock .
starwars	It would modify the images and sounds , including species and gender , so that the user 's identity would be disguised .
muppet	In November 2015 , Scooter tweeted `` I invited all # TheMuppets to Moms Circa 1620 authentic Thanksgiving . No running water or electricity ! No one wants to come . I blame Ken . ''
poke	Brock claims despite Joshua 's loss , both he and May have no regrets after this intense battle .
starwars	Along with Jedi K'Kruhk , Sian Jeisel , and Mira , Tarn arrived on Ruul and prepared for the forum that Windu had called for .
starwars	In accordance with their beliefs , they had to gather the Force-strong artifacts , but could not touch them .
poke	May is flattered , but the man was clapping for Ash and Taillow , seeing how great potential they have .
poke	Soon , a pack of Poochyena appear and chase Professor Birch , interfering with the beginning of a new journey for a young trainer named May , who after all the trouble chooses a Torchic for her first Pokémon .
muppet	In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter , Whitmire elaborated that he was fired over creative disagreements and prolonged labor union negotiations that delayed his involvement in Muppet productions . He specifically cited The Muppets episode `` Episode 114 Little Green Little Green Lie '' , expressing concern over a situation in which Kermit lies to his nephew Robin the Robin in order to shield him from a romantic breakup with Miss Piggy .
muppet	Getting to Sesame Street Origins of the Childrens Television Workshop is a history of the creation of Sesame Street , focusing primarily on the research and funding behind the Sesame Childrens Television Workshop . Most of the books narrative focuses on the period before the launch of the show ; the shows premiere is described in the last chapter .
muppet	Thanks for understanding .
starwars	A trooper of the 501st Legion was on guard duty in the Hanger control room when he was contacted by command , who told him that the riot was currently in process in one of the detention areas .
starwars	Lak Sivrak
muppet	Given that , what should we do with this article ? We dont have much to go on here . --
starwars	Oscum
starwars	During the voyage to Coruscant , Senator Merrik proved himself a traitor to the New Mandalorian cause and a Death Watch ally when he attempted to have Kryze killed aboard the `` Coronet '' , unleashing a band of assassin probes from the vessel 's cargo hold .
poke	The heroes notice the fireworks and everyone runs to it , even if Ash wants to battle .
poke	They see that the trees have no bananas and neither do they see the Slakoth , either .
starwars	Settling on the planet Luprora , they abandoned technology , regarding it as a `` soul-killing '' evil that had destroyed their previous world .
poke	Thinking how Slakoth would only lie on Max , Max does not think it is a good idea .
starwars	Graise
starwars	Clabburn Range
poke	May states that she wo n't lose the next time , but Drew promises he 'll be more powerful as well .
poke	The Pokémon free Oak and May , but they also need to get May 's Poké Balls back .
poke	On June 15 , 2012 , 4Kids filed a notice outlining a proposed deal in which its assets would be divided between Kidsco and 4K Acquisition which was finalized on June 26 , 2012 .
poke	Lotad sleeps , so Brock wakes it up , though Lotad is oblivious of its surroundings .
muppet	I was wondering if this was worth of note on the Big Songs article or an article for the song .
starwars	The Harken was a Low Altitude Assault Transport/infantry ( LAAT/i ) gunship that saw service with the Grand Army of the Republic during the early stages of the Clone Wars .
starwars	Ezra had seen some of them earlier , and was concerned that they had made it halfway across the planet .
poke	May wonders what was Birch doing , who replies they must not afford a moment to lose .
starwars	Subsonic field emitter
starwars	Yoda 's task force secured the sector , but the uprising was considered a fiasco by many veterans involved , and the Bpfasshi would harbor a strong dislike for the Jedi for many years afterwards .
starwars	Dajan-Ko was a male Voss who lived during the Cold War .
muppet	Judging by the dated graphics in this game and the Jim Henson vocals for Ernie where he specifically says things like `` click the mouse on this button here ''
starwars	Nuralee was a Mid Rim world in the Tyus sector .
poke	Meowth imagines they could give Torkoal to the boss , who would lit candles during power outages or even lit fires for barbecues , even if James is skeptical about the idea .
poke	And she proves this when she , Ash , Brock and Max head to a pasta restaurant that May read up on the internet .
muppet	Im sure that Im missing something , but when I went to Muppets.com today , I couldnt find anyplace to access these videos . They keep sticking the Swedish Chef Halloween video in my face . I cant figure out how to get to , like , a list of videos to choose from . Did something change ? --
muppet	`` Name the Animal '' is a Sesame Street skit in which Ernie sends Grover out of the room , while Ernie and company decide on what animal theyll pretend to be ; when Grover reenters the room , he has to guess what animal the others are imitating . The first time , everybody pretends to be pigs ; Grover makes several wild guesses - mosquitoes , and ultimately cows - none of them correct . The second time , Ernie and the others pretend to be cats ; Grover makes three guesses .
starwars	Toko birds were a kind of bird eaten by the Paqwepori .
muppet	She was then `` introduced '' as Miss Piggys rival in Episode 302 Leo episode 302 . In this episode , Piggy is furious when Kermit hires a new girl pig singer , Annie Sue , especially when he introduces her as `` the Muppets delightful little lady of song . '' Annie Sue also helps Fozzie Bear with his memory act , easily winning over the crowd . When Kermit congratulates her , she modestly says , `` I didnt do very much . '' To make Piggy feel better , Kermit lets her do the dramatic recitation shes always wanted to do , Wordsworths `` Daffodils , '' but the flowers on the set are filled with sneezing powder . Later , Piggy sees Kermit peck Annie Sue on the cheek , and she launches a vicious karate chop at him .
poke	Drew remembers some people saying it is famous for its Liechi Berries , which are perfect for the Poké Blocks .
poke	The man who battled Drew , the Phantom , appears to challenge May to a battle , since she will be entering the Contest tomorrow , while Team Rocket observes .
starwars	Nevertheless , although the Task Force on Alliance Security feared Arcuse 's threat , they also thought he would eventually feel the need the leave the Granse Confederacy .
poke	Flannery recalls her grandfather changed rules a lot , causing Max to doubt if Flannery is an actual Gym Leader .
starwars	Tru 's eyes told Anakin to `` back off '' as he added that they `` all '' wanted to capture Omega .
muppet	Muppets Monsters and Magic was apparently also known as `` The World of Jim Henson Muppets , Monsters and Magic '' , so I guess thats where the `` evolved into '' comes from ? But it doesnt explain the rest . Im going to look in the history and see if I can figure it out .
muppet	Outside of street stories , she appeared with Little Murray Sparkles via e-mail in Elmos World Pets , and also was seen in the songs `` Everybody Be YoSelf '' and `` Hold My Hand . ''
poke	Charizard showed more respect to Ash after that event , even if Max reminds Ash Charizard can launch a Flamethrower at Ash .
muppet	Borja appeared occasionally in Mexican film and television , but his deep voice most often lent itself to dubbing , beginning with the voice of The God in The Ten Commandments . Subsequent roles included Wilt Chamberlain in Conan the Conan the Destroyer , Alun Armstrong in The Saint , Richard Griffiths in The Naked Gun 2 ½ The Smell of Fear , Mike Myers as the Fat Bastard in Austin Austin Powers The Spy Who Shagged Me , and Boss Nass in Star Star Wars Episode 1 The Phantom Menace .
poke	Max can not believe that Absol are responsible for the chaos , through the men think it does .
muppet	The former is undoubtedly the one used for the `` Exercise Song '' covered here under that name , but are we sure that its this one and not the latter ? Unfortunately , Elmocize , which has `` Exercise Song , '' does not list Cayard nor Baron in the song credits . Then again , there is even the possibility that neither `` Exercise Song '' is `` Exercise . '' Anyone have any confirmation on either front ?
starwars	He then leaped onto the second skiff and began deflecting blaster fire .
poke	He promises Watt will come and take his Pokémon and leaves with a suitcase , worrying Nurse Joy , since Wattson is usually laughing .
poke	James is depressed and remembers seeing someone while riding a car through the city during the carnival .
starwars	Angral encouraged her to join him , claiming it was her destiny to be Sith .
poke	Ash claims he , Brock and , Misty have lost many times and did n't make much fuss about it .
muppet	Hey Danny . Are there some tech issues with the wiki today
muppet	Hi , Justin ! Peter brought up a question Talk Puppetry here ; do you have an opinion ? Scott
muppet	At the time of my posting , this video was available , but now it appears that theyre having some technical issues
poke	He admits he caught up in his field work and forgot he had to meet up with Professor Oak at the docks , wanting to meet him for the first time .
muppet	Prunella and Her Prancing Poultry was an act scheduled to appear in The Muppet Show Episode 219 Peter episode 219 . Unfortunately , duck season opens , tragically cancelling their performance .
muppet	I dont think the bear is the Chuck puppet reused . Maybe with a side by side photo comparison , but if it was , they heavily reworked it .
starwars	They piloted starfighters such as A-wings , B-wings , X-wings , and Y-wings , as well as low altitude vehicles such as T-47 airspeeders .
starwars	Battle of Emmer ( 8 ABY )
poke	Soon , Ash and Pikachu come to the other side , glad to see they worked as a team .
poke	Team Aqua has gained control over Kyogre and prepares to unleash its powers over the world 's water levels .
muppet	I just found this newspaper clipping from the April 2 , 1978 issue of Binghamton , New Yorks Press and Sun-Bulletin . The dates work out , so this must be it .
poke	They remember Norman is the Gym Leader of Petalburg City , who used a powerful Vigoroth .
poke	Kelly thinks she will take the family business and even teach people about making Pokéblocks .
muppet	There are http//www.gpo.gov/libraries/ Federal Depository Libraries but it seems to be in person visits only . Still , were heading on the right track !
poke	Team Rocket watches from the bush and are somewhat angered their enemies think they stole something .
muppet	If you have any concrete official sources for any of the names here please remove the category tag
poke	The heroes return to the Lavaridge Gym , where Ash hopes to win the Heat Badge .
poke	Nicholai is happy that the training with Ash paid off , but Zangoose is too tired .
starwars	In addition to her talents as a bartender , Binna Jode was also a skilled cook , known to make delicious meals such as casseroles .
poke	While the heroes compliment Grovyle , Corphish is upset and shows its anger on Grovyle , so Ash asks it to stop fighting .
muppet	The characters included Kermit , Sam , Harry the Hipster , Yorick , Mushmelon , Icky Gunk , Henrietta , Moldy Hay , Chicken Liver , Hank and Frank , the Professor , and Pierre the French Rat .
starwars	The two brothers were also close allies of the High Lord Lillia Venn , who ascended to the Grand Lordship in 3961 BBY .
starwars	While there was a festive atmosphere due to Testament Day and Nida 's Rise , there was also a risk that violence could escalate due to the deep rivalries between the Sith .
muppet	The puppet appears as a tortoise in Elmos World Hair . He also appeared in Episode a 2002 episode with a new shell and was named Seymour Seymour .
poke	They cut the pillars of the lighthouse , causing the roof fall off the lighthouse .
starwars	Lord of Agony
poke	Brock explains Overheat gets weaker the more it is used , since it did not defeat Corphish .
starwars	As Eneb Ray is lead way , Leia tells him that she will get him the help he needs even if he rejects it .
poke	However , when it evolved into Linoone , Tokin started to hoard round objects , even from other people .
poke	He knows the story of the Poké Ball in the Valley of Destruction , but offers them souvenirs , much to their astonishment .
muppet	New releases The Muppets Most Wanted Muppets Most Wanted soundtrack album was released on March 18 , and Muppets Most Wanted a digital release of the films musical score by Christophe Beck is now available . The Muppets Character Encyclopedia written by Craig Shemin and books based on Muppets Most Wanted , including Muppets Most Wanted The Junior a junior novelization and Muppets Most Wanted Read-Along Storybook and a read-along storybook , are also available . New and upcoming video releases from Sesame Street include the DVDs Alphabet Songs , Monster Manners .
muppet	Second , I know the plot description comes straight from a Henson press release , but the Dying Sun is one of the 3 suns in the sky , not at the center of the world . -- Erik Ebrowne 2129 , 3 February 2006
muppet	Produced by Minneapolis-based VEE Corporation , the show opened on September 17 , 1980 , with a production of A Sesame Street Mystery The Case of the Missing Rara Avis playing at the Met Center in Bloomington , Minnesota . Sesame Street Live is now produced as three or four separate tours , each performing a different show , with its own plot , characters , scenery , and soundtrack . Shows are performed in arenas and theaters around the world , generally working on an eight to ten month touring schedule ending in the spring and resuming in the late summer . While in the United States , Sesame Street Live is a bus and truck show , with the equipment moving by two or three trucks and the personnel travelling by bus . Outside of the US , air cargo and sea containers are used .
starwars	While Thurm Loogg tried to quell the rumors of nefarious plans with a speech pointing the blame at other parties , they persisted nonetheless .
poke	After Brawly compliments Ash for quick thinking , Team Rocket appears , being blasted from the wave earlier .
starwars	Sergeant Vollot and his squad of bombtroopers were tricked by the talking bomb into detonating it , thus killing themselves , with the force of the explosion being strong enough to temporarily destabilize the floating city .
poke	The heroes are walking to Lilycove City , while Max notices they are close to Volley Town .
muppet	Whos the Muppet on the right in the picture here ? Hes not in the episode featuring Donald Grump
starwars	The fleet was then inspected by A-wings from Rogue Squadron that was tasked to inspect all Imperial ships and to destroy any freighters carrying Warheads to guage the strength and to buy time to muster their forces .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the It Higher page .
muppet	Good point . In that case , please just ignore me . Ill show myself out .
muppet	Dave Sieg , author of the Siggraph piece who worked with Scanimate starting in 1979 , probably has the best site covering it , http//www.scanimate.com/ here . Since he still has a working Scainimate system , the site mixxes more recent efforts and plugs for a documentary he made , so scroll to the links near the bottom for the best history stuff and a step by step that defines http//www.scanimate.com/scan2.html how it worked .
muppet	Special Guests James Taylor , John Candy , Andrea Martin , Keith Hernandez , Mookie Wilson , Jane Curtin , Madeline Kahn , Joe Williams , Paul Reubens , Ladysmith Black Mambazo , Whyton Marshalls , Celia Cruz , Itzhak Perlman , Gordon Jackson , Jean Marsh , Paul Simon , Jeremy Irons , Pete Seeger , Danny DeVito , Rhea Perlman , Carl Banks
poke	Ash and May go to help Alden , who is being intimidated by the group of people , who have the keys to the ruins .
starwars	She also visited Anakin 's mother , Shmi Skywalker , from time to time , who taught her to read and write with the help of the protocol droid C-3PO .
muppet	According to the book Sesame Street Unpaved Sesame Street Unpaved , Big Birds nest contains a bubble gum dispenser , a clock with no hands , a feather duster , a football helmet , a golf bag with one club , a hurricane lamp , a megaphone , a picture of Mr. Hooper , a Roman bust , a tricycle wheel , a watering can , an old record player , an umbrella , a mailbox , and a pair of snowshoes . Among other objects not listed in the book , he has a small wooden alphabet sign , a jack-and-balls game , and a picture of his cousin Abelardo Abelardo .
muppet	Miss Piggy Oooohhh ! Five years old ! How sweet ! Mois fans start young ! This movie was très fun to make . Of course , my role was not as large as it should be . But , I still had lots of wardrobe changes and thats what matters , isnt it ? Thank vous !
starwars	With the advantage of modern technology , such as video tapes , fans had independently discovered the eight-kilometer length to be faulty .
muppet	I hope that sets your mind at rest . Please feel free to create an account , and join the wiki ! --
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-02-13T195503
starwars	Two days after Tai-Lin Garr 's assassination , Leia heard a news report that her friend Casterfo had been arrested for aiding Hadrassian and the Amaxine warriors .
poke	Ash tells the Pokémon deserve the credit , since he only helped them to become this way .
muppet	Wilkins is standing next to a suspended bell holding a mallet , Wontkins enters the frame
starwars	Vidian placed his aide Everi Chalis in charge of the restructuring .
poke	Plusle and Minun touch the Light Stone , causing it glow for a period of time , since when Electric Pokémon can make it glow .
muppet	Does anyone think it would be wrong to take info about the episodes from http//www.sesamstrassen-fanclub.de/ here ? - Oscarfan 2209 , 18 May 2009
muppet	Bertha Beasley and Her Galloping Geese were scheduled to be the opening act on Episode 120 Valerie episode 120 of The Muppet Show until Valerie Harper , in a bid to get to perform the opening number herself , sabotaged Bertha by scotch-taping a bushel of birdseed to her body . Poor Bertha never made it to the The Muppet theatre , and Valerie sang `` Broadway Baby '' in her place .
muppet	Like most penguins , Summer hails from Antarctica . Her sun-adorned sweater reminds her of home where she used to ride an Icicle Tricycle around the icebergs with her friends .
muppet	File % 27s_Cookie_Caper_Muppet_Babies_Play_Date_Disney_Junior|
muppet	See also The Muppets Take Manhattan The Muppets Take Manhattan soundtrack
poke	Per Birch 's advice , Max polishes the Seedot by using a leaf , making them happy .
starwars	Because of this the Basiliskans degenerated and became nothing more than beasts .
starwars	Wamba had to spend much of his time on the farm tending to his banthas , but took every opportunity he could to meet new people and preferred spending time in the busy marketplace to his lonely homestead .
muppet	The Babies first appeared in The Muppet Show Episode 308 Loretta episode 308 , playing Loretta Loretta Lynns rambunctious brood in a musical number .
poke	The heroes go to give it to a boy , who arrived , but are electrocuted by Voltorb .
poke	Brock wishes they could do something more , but Morita promises to take care of it , since the heroes are traveling around .
muppet	Murray and some kids play `` Whats on Me That Starts with G ? '' Kids identify that Murray has Glasses , Gloves , and two Green things a hat and a scarf .
poke	Jessie warns Meowth it might be quite tough this time to battle , while James has prepared both of them .
starwars	The Jedi Dass Jennir tracked Meeto to his apartment to learn the location of a slave he 'd sold named Resa Greenbark .
poke	The heroes find it and Brock explains that Treecko is training because it lost the battle with Seviper .
starwars	As the wind rushed through the countless spires , tunnels and openings , Vors would actually cover certain areas with their own bodies , creating different tunes and songs that they kept memorized in their heads .
starwars	They attacked ships coming and leaving the planet until Nym declared war against the Trade Federation , which later occupied the planet .
muppet	Jerry , on Floyd `` My wife will tell you that Im the laziest man on earth ... I may be lazy , but Im loud . I can talk loud while laying down , yknow ? '' Dave actually built the Floyd puppet , which was designed by Michael Frith . Floyd himself pipes up `` Now , Zoot doesnt say too much ... but hes more burned out than I am . ''
muppet	Gómezs later credits include guest spots on NYPD Blue in 2002 and CSI Miami in 2003 .
poke	May sends all her Pokémon ; Beautifly uses String Shot , pulling the Donphan to it .
poke	Jessie thinks her Dustox is divine , asking why nobody told her she would get a Dustox .
muppet	File Top 5 Favorite Jokes - The Fozzie Fozzies Top 5 Favorite Jokes
muppet	He also has a sense of honor . When all the leaves of the Nirvana Tree fall off , he briefly considers doing what his own father did , but decides that he must do his duty and turn over the crown and the kingdom to Junior . He also shows this when he willingly holds to Juniors agreement with Wander McMooch in `` Episode 216 Junior Sells the Junior sells the Farm '' , and with the fake Sir Hubris in `` Episode 209 Sir Hubris and the Sir Hubris and the Gorgs '' . On both occasions , he could have ignored his obligations , but decided to follow tradition and Gorgish honor and leave .
starwars	After Larrth organized an illegal meeting of the managers , he was executed by Vidian , who identified him as the ringleader behind the strikes .
muppet	Dont Tickle Elmo Game is a Sesame Street game made by Cardinal in 2009 . The game is similar to the classic Milton Bradley game Wikipedia Operation . Players take turns to carefully insert colorful feathers into the holes on the game board . If the feather touches the side of the hole , the ever-ticklish Elmo giggles , and the player loses the turn .
muppet	I have seen a sesame street scetch where there are anything muppets dressed like start trek series 1 Where can we include this with ? -- User
muppet	In the 2018 Muppet Babies Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 104 Super Fabulous vs Captain Icecube / Piggys Time Piggys Time Machine , '' the babies appear over John Trumbulls painting of the Declaration signing , with Hancock seated . A voice says `` Ill just need your John Hancock right here . ''
muppet	I didnt do anything wrong .
muppet	Danny , we got a new user who hijacked the Muppet Wiki and Policies and Guidelines.We should either block him or give him a warning.I already undid his Fred
starwars	He informed her of the arrival of General Skywalker and the `` Resolute '' .
muppet	You shocked me today since you did about 5 episode guides . Great job ! Keep it up . Happy holidays from User Webkinz Mania 2037 , 19 December 2008
poke	`` Given the increased number of brands that we are representing that focus on an older audience , we felt it would be beneficial to organize a new subsidiary primarily devoted to the marketing and licensing of these brands .
poke	They mistake Ash and May to be in love , claiming everyone that is fighting with each other is in love .
starwars	Rogue and Green Squadrons performed a hyperspace jump into the Aiquin 4 system just in time to see the `` Dreadnaught '' -class cruiser `` Kala'din '' arrive .
starwars	The commodore had tan skin , graying black hair , and brown eyes .
poke	Team Rocket steals all the Starter Pokémon , so May , Max and Oak run off to save the Pokémon , while Joshua stays to guard the laboratory .
poke	The heroes are pushing a cart , while inside Lunatone and Pikachu are to hide it from Ken and Mary .
poke	May thinks Ash should just train more , but Ash reminds May she should train for the Contests as well .
starwars	YVH 1-1A was the first YVH 1 combat droid developed by Tendrando Arms .
poke	As Ash and his Pokémon cheer for success , May and Max are glad Ash 's training has paid off .
starwars	On their way back to the group , they came across another holonode , from which SCORPIO contacted them again , notifying the two about a colossus droid that prepared to attack them .
muppet	Part 3 Kermit is now buried up to his neck in snow , colder than ever . He calls the attention of passerby Harvey Kneeslapper , who tells Kermit that he is the one who made the call , which was a prank call . As it turns out , Kermit was the one standing out in the storm . Video The Best of Kermit on Sesame Street } }
poke	They also learn that strange things are going on at the mansion , and many people believe that it 's haunted .
muppet	Why this is `` Salsburg '' instead of `` Salzburg '' , the more standard english spelling ? --
muppet	Its true . Outside of the mentions of it on Talk Lee , theres even a couple IMDB forum threads on it .
muppet	Doesnt Rowlf say in The Muppet Movie that hes `` no Jascha Heifetz ? '' Im pretty sure Ive heard him say that sometime , and it would be interesting to note here . -Ryan PrawnRR
poke	However , Taillow does not quit , so Brock advises Ash to catch it , else Taillow 's life could be in danger .
starwars	Other ships , including some mercenaries and civilians , soon joined the charismatic Slayke .
muppet	In addition to not posing for pictures with his characters , Frank Oz also refuses to talk in his character voices on requests .
poke	Suddenly , a man ( covered in seaweed ) arrives , which frightens the heroes , thinking it is a Pokémon .
muppet	According to Sesame Workshop , the popular segment `` Elmos World '' will continue into the 40th season .
starwars	Chodo Habat 's herd
starwars	X-Wing : Rogue Squadron ( audiobook )
muppet	I remember vaguely , from my one trip to the Museum of Television and Radio , that the title Punsmoke was used as a spoof of Gunsmoke in an early Sam and Friends sketch . Is this in Powder-Burn , or was this a seperate sketch ? Id update the information but its pretty hazy
starwars	Despite this , the Gamorreans continued the practice , perhaps unaware that it was generally their size and demeanor that frightened smaller opponents and not the sound of their name .
starwars	A species lived in the caves in Basteel 's mountains .
starwars	The Pyke patrol ship .
muppet	Grant Magee played Jothee in the Farscape episodes `` Episode 110 Theyve Got a Theyve Got a Secret '' and `` Episode 113 Rhapsody in Rhapsody in Blue '' .
starwars	The Paradise system consisted of a group of asteroids orbiting a star along the Outer Rim of the galaxy , located in Airam sector .
muppet	Ms. Horn , a musical instrument with female hair and eyes , appeared in Episode 111 Lena episode 111 of The Muppet Show . She mistakenly believed that she was to perform on the show when Kermit the Kermit called for guest star Lena Horne .
muppet	Alan Kalter . Kalter was heard in The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss episode `` Episode 120 The Grinch Meets His Max / Halfway Home to The Grinch Meets His Max/Halfway Home to Malamaroo '' as the voice of the story machine , narrating both segments .
starwars	It was adopted as the new home world of the Ithorians , along with Felucia after the devastation of Ithor , under the Galactic Alliance .
starwars	Binary , or Droidspeak , was a language of beeps , trills , and whistles spoken primarily by astromech droids such as R2-D2 .
poke	Ash replies that wo n't work and sends Pikachu , while Brock brings out Forretress and May sends Torchic to fight them .
muppet	And then theres those where were really not sure , as with Llama at Dentist Song . '' We all know the segment in question , and it deserves its own page except to date we havent been able to pin down a registered song title , a composer , or anything . `` Llama at Dentist Song '' comes from a menu listing on Old School Volume 2 . It might have also been used on CTW documents or might have just been someones label . Its definitely not a registered song title with ASCAP or BMI and isnt in the Copyright Office catalog , nor is `` Me and My Llama '' nor any variant . It could be one of those under the numerous `` Sesame Street Music Cue '' registrations which are sans alternate titles or episode numbers to give us a clue to content .
poke	The heroes see Shroomish are terrified , since the mansion will be destroyed , the place where they lived this far .
poke	Pikachu attacks with Thunderbolt , but Lunatone uses Light Screen , deflecting the attack to Swellow and Pikachu .
poke	The Sharpedo arrive to Brock , who starts panicking , due to their Rough Skin ability .
starwars	When D'Asta questioned her , the clone Feena confessed .
muppet	This is the second song from Bye Bye Birdie to be performed on Dinosaurs , the first being `` A Lot of Livin to Do '' in the episode `` Episode 202 Family Family Challenge . ''
poke	Crawdaunt uses Bubble Beam , though Ditto transforms and uses Bubble Beam as well , negating the attacks .
poke	In the lobby , Ash is worried , for Timmy is going to be too late to enter the Contest .
muppet	The Fraggle Choir is a small grouping of Fraggles that helps in the momentous return of Uncle Traveling Matt in `` Episode 205 Uncle Matt Comes Uncle Matt Comes Home . ''
muppet	The way the cassette is put together , it looks like the regular record label , with the rainbow logo next to the Peter Pan one in the upper right , and then they put on header and footer bars to make it cassette shaped . Which to me suggests they may have also released the LP , because why else add the tiny logo in the cover art area ?
starwars	The cavern was built by the Tarasin over one hundred years before the Clone Wars and they used it to imprison the t'salak , a dangerous creature that had attacked them .
starwars	Dhara returned in time for Zare 's fifteenth birthday .
muppet	Susan Saint James is an actress most well known as Kate McArdle on the 1980s sitcom Kate
poke	Max sees he and May are like best friends compared to those two , while May states having two Gym Leaders is a bad idea .
starwars	Kory was a Human female alive during the turbulent period of galactic peace between the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic as established by the Treaty of Coruscant .
muppet	Hey Andrew
muppet	Hi ! I see that you some minor edits on the page I wrote about the gymnast from the 1970s . Do you remember seeing her on the show , and do you have any video clips of her ? Only one , between , is on YouTube so far . Thanks in advance .
poke	The heroes saw Corphish actually used Pikachu 's speed and power to topple him away .
starwars	`` After the capture of Coruscant , the mighty heart of the New Republic , a stunned galaxy fears that nothing can stop the Yuuzhan Vong .
poke	Taillow uses Peck , but Roselia uses Stun Spore , so Taillow 's attack is cancelled .
poke	Max is still mad with the taller Max for sharing the same name , though May claims he should just forget about the fuss .
muppet	What does everybody think of this page ? Does anybody think it needs improvements ? Also , what would be the best list category for it ? I have read that the video releases of Muppet Babies have been the syndication edits , but the only source has been message board posts , so I didnt put that there . I also havent yet put in the fact that the Jim Henson Video releases of Muppet Babies only include one `` Go bye-bye '' tag . -- User Minor muppetz 2313 , 12 May 2008
poke	As about Jessie is to take the pearl , Spoink places it on its head and bounces away .
starwars	It contained the planet Ondos .
poke	Roselia uses Petal Dance , but Medicham stops and redirects the attack to Roselia .
poke	Oak calls Bulbasaur into the Poké Ball , then transfers it through the teleporter .
starwars	Just before the Crisis began , RePlanetHab was going to try and buy off Three-Eye 's pirates , as he had cut their supply shipments by fifty percent and had the run of the Maltoria system , which had a mining operation supervised by the rehab conglomerate .
poke	Team Rocket spies on their enemies from their submarine , and Meowth thinks it would lift their boss ' spirits when he sees Jimmy 's Pokémon .
muppet	i believe it may be time to put the rest of the scenes for this page because two part with the rest of the scenes have been uploaded hope you guys get this )
starwars	He avoided a fight until he had time to use his own powers to improve his physical abilities and the damage of his whip ( which glowed when ready ) .
muppet	In the 1990s version of Shalom Sesame , Show 6 show 6 deals with the history of Hanukkah , and its celebrations . The holiday is also the subject of show 2 of the 2010s version of the program .
poke	Brock sees Winona is a genius among flying-type trainers and thinks Ash might have difficult time challenging her .
starwars	Katarn , who had been making waves in disrupting the project with Madine 's information , set out to the prison to rescue him .
starwars	The destruction of the Lightning Guard infuriated Odion who swore vengeance against both Daiman and Kerra .
starwars	As the bartender proceeded to make another drink , the trawler 's Quarren and cyborg human companions made their way to the counter , slowly surrounding Djarin .
poke	As they are running , Ash explains to May this is a land , forbidden to humans , even if May did n't come here by choice .
muppet	John Landis is a film director who has helmed such films as The Blues Brothers , An American Werewolf in London , The Twilight Twilight Zone The Movie , Into the Night , and Spies Like Us , and Animal House . In many of these films he has cast Frank Oz in Muppeteers in non-Henson acting bit roles , and An American Werewolf in London even features a scene from The Muppet Show .
muppet	Farscape The Peacekeeper Wars is the soundtrack album for the miniseries Farscape The Peacekeeper Wars , featuring the music of Farscape composer Guy Gross .
starwars	11-4D shuffled in confusion at this turn of events .
muppet	It looks like this page hasnt been updated since 2010 . Heres the list from iTunes of the episodes since then if someone wants to add them . Scott message me )
poke	The taller Max goes away to find Surskit , while Max comments how the taller one cares about Surskit and has a heart after all .
starwars	Veijel was overjoyed to hear of the results and asked his master for additional resources : scientists to replicate the machines , battalions to pacify Rishi and fleets to explore the Rishi Maze .
poke	May goes to order Ember attack , but Max reminds her Combusken can use a newly learned Fire Spin attack .
muppet	I just saw on Roger Langridges blog that once The Treasure of Peg-Leg Wilson ends that The Muppet Show Comic Book will stop renumbering its issues every four issues , with the following `` Pigs in Space '' comic being numbered as `` issue # 0 '' . I know that we have at least four months to worry about this , but thought we might need to talk about this now . Considering that we have one page for each four-issue comic series , I wodner how we should handle the post-Peg-Leg Wilson comics . Should we just make one big page for all the comics or make individual issue pages ? -- User Minor muppetz 1532 , 23 August 2009
poke	Rita arrives , showing the message from Natalie , who is gathering Sitrus Berries for Brock .
poke	James sprays a bit of water out of his fans , while Meowth , who is annoyed he does the work , is pumping it .
starwars	Rendili Vehicle Corporation was a vehicle-manufacturing corporation best known for manufacturing boulder-dozers .
poke	May shows her two ribbons , but Drew states he only tells what he sees , which infuriates May .
muppet	Gonzo , that first season , like many of the new Muppet Show creations , was a work in progress , and especially for Goelz , playing his first starring character and major speaking role . When he was assigned the character , he panicked `` I have no voice ! ''
starwars	The bow of the ship was painted to mimic Trench 's Harch eyes , and both sides were adorned with Trench 's personal symbol instead of the Separatist hex icon .
starwars	Unless the wielder was already a master with ordinary whips , a lightwhip blade was difficult to control , able to just as easily maim an untrained wielder as an opponent , and was weaker than the standard lightsaber blade as it could not always penetrate durasteel armor or walls , and many substances could survive from a direct hit .
muppet	Steve Nallon on Whats Up Doc ?
poke	Jessie sends Dustox to protect the pearl , while Ash sends Torkoal to intercept .
muppet	Mercado Jr. is the current official Latin American voice of Mickey Mouse , beginning in 2004 with The Three Mickey , Donald , and Goofy The Three Musketeers . He has frequently dubbed leading men such as Tom Cruise in the three later Mission Impossible movies , James Franco in the Spider-Man movies and others , Jason Bateman in five films , Jude Law in Alfie , Ryan Reynolds in Green Lantern , Matthew Lillard in Scooby-Doo and others , Jamie Foxx in Little Orphan Annie , Zach Braff in The Ex and Oz the Great and Powerful , and Mark Ruffalo in Reservation Road .
muppet	Aside from the missing information , I think that this page is ready to be moved to a proper wiki page , with a redirect from the `` New '' versions . What do you guys think ? -- MuppetDude 1945 , 24 June 2009
poke	Colonel Hansen returns to the king , warning these are the intruders , but May and Misty point out Hansen is the one that wanted them in Mirage Kingdom , and even attacked them .
starwars	The fighting grinds to a halt , but both sides have already taken heavy casualties , among them the 212th platoon leader , Waxer .
poke	The men believe Absol does n't foreshadow the disaster , but actually causes it .
starwars	During the Eternal Empire 's conquest of the galaxy , quadranium was used to build Mandalorian armors .
muppet	The cavorting scene happened onstage not backstage . Also , Floyd was * not * a member of the Merry Men . As he explained to Scooter backstage , Floyd was on strike owing to the green costumes . All of that has now been amended . User David French 0933 , 2 December 2007
starwars	The Aing-Tii take the Imperials and Makezh , although Mist manages to escape .
poke	James thinks they should warn them about the ghost , but Jessie thinks this is their advantage to steal Pikachu , for their foes would be scared and distracted .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Aleal Talk ) 1955 , June 17 , 2010
muppet	Hey dude ! Its been a long time since we last talked . I hope everything is going good for you . Everything here is going just fine . The beginning of this year i finally got my drivers license . Awsome felling . But i was thinking of maybe working some more here . I just havent been in the mood to come back but i ever since getting Netflix for my Wii ive found alot of stuff im really enjoying . Right now i started watching this show called `` Constucion Site . '' Only so far the first episode but its pretty cool being that theyre all remote control puppets . I might work on that with doing an episode guide that you can click on and see what the episode was about with pics and stuff . But ill try and stick around for a while till i get knocked off corse again . But i wanted to stop by and say hi since we hadnt talk in a long time or i hadnt heard from you from an Grover 0333 , March 5 , 2011 Kyle
poke	Ash and Brock observe the class , while May attends to the Pokémon Contest training .
poke	Ash remembers well that Juan told him he will block any electric attack , so Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder , hoping a more powerful electric attack will do .
starwars	However , Krayt had in fact struck down a double of Fel , allowing the real Fel to escape Coruscant and flee into exile .
poke	In the end , Jessie 's Wobbuffet gets the cage and goes away , so everyone goes after him .
muppet	Lee appeared in the 1989 Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 606 Comic Comic Capers . '' After Baby Rowlf and Skeeter enter the Spider-Man newspaper strip , Lee appears , hovering over a drawing desk , and takes the kids to task `` Dont you know theres only one Spider-Man ? '' Rowlf is apologetic , but Skeeter accidentally releases a stream of webbing at Stan , coating his head with it .
muppet	Look at Filmography and tell me what you think . Im still tweaking . —
starwars	It was the site of an Imperial testing base and in 1 BBY , the Star Destroyer `` Vector '' was sent to transport a virus to the testing base .
starwars	Faro subsequently transmitted evidence of Savit 's complicity to the Third Fleet personnel .
poke	Seviper goes to use Bite and Cacnea uses Needle Arm , but Snorunt uses Icy Wind to freeze them .
poke	Max notes the Gyarados is taking them to Monsu Island , where Brock knows Ash and Pikachu are there .
poke	Treecko repeats the process several times again , with Ash and Pikachu watching it doing .
muppet	There was another German voice for cookie monster It was Gerlach Fiedler
poke	Shedinja uses Solar Beam , but is stopped by the Paradise Togepi 's Safeguard , as they float down from the mirage temple .
starwars	After the Bothans threw their lot in with the Rebel Alliance , Alliance High Command invited the Dressellians to join as well , some time before 0 ABY , through their Bothan contacts .
starwars	Battle of Chyron Belt
poke	Brock yells at Team Rocket , since they were the ones who stole the rice balls , while Ash and May also show off their wrath .
muppet	The info that Ive posted on this page is from Jogs post on Talk Street Magazine . --
starwars	Raid on the Alliance to Restore the Republic
starwars	He specialized in delivering exotic foods to the Hutt casinos that were established on the moon .
poke	Ash encourages Taillow to get that ring , and suddenly , Taillow evolves into Swellow .
poke	Treecko dodges Flamethrower attack and attacks with Pound , but is still negated , due to Reflect , so Ash decides to focus on breaking the Reflect move .
poke	Outside , Ash has Pikachu use Thunderbolt , but it fails , since the cage is electric-proof .
muppet	The November 20th , 2011 parade had a The Walt Disney Disney-sponsored float promoting The Muppets The Muppets . Kermit the Frog announced the float on CP24 Breakfast in October , but was unclear as to whether the Muppets themselves would be on the float . Indeed , it was just sculptures of the characters , not a live appearance . Chicken costumes worn by children on the float were new , meant to represent Camilla the Chickens friends , and those worn by children walking near the float were reused .
starwars	Afyon was off-planet when Alderaan was destroyed and vowed to make the Empire pay for its crimes .
muppet	It got fixed for me ! Lol . Never mind . User_Bird_man 113 PM January 31 , 2010
muppet	Regardless of who is performing the number , the structure of the song remains the same a central character attempts to conform to the structure of the song but falls into improvisational scat passages whenever possible . Although the back-up singers make an attempt to bring order back to the number , their effort is ultimately futile .
starwars	You 'll be able to explore some of these formation tactics with the expansion 's two pre-painted Hammerhead miniatures , and you 'll find them supported by two ship cards , as well as a full complement of fourteen upgrade cards heavily focused on close-range combat ! ''
muppet	Theoretically , would Mount Snuffleupagus be near these other mountains ? I also wondered what the mountain is really called . I tried translating `` Ihu '' `` Papaa '' `` Loihi '' and `` Nui '' at a http//www.hisurf.com/hawaiian/dictionary.html Hawaiian dictionary and this is what I got .
starwars	Upon the Sith Lord 's arrival aboard the incomplete Death Star , Jerjerrod made his way to the hangar where Vader 's shuttle had landed , waiting patiently at the bottom of the shuttle 's ramp for Vader to disembark .
poke	They soon find out a group of Gulpin is eating away the food supplies in the city .
poke	Birch and Joshua report Ash can register for the Hoenn League in a Pokémon Center , the nearest being in Oldale Town .
poke	Chaz offers to teach Ash to teach Pikachu a move , useful for the upcoming battle .
starwars	Fazon , as he usually did during missions involving them , instead went down to Aunt Z 's Tavern , where he encountered Xiono of Team `` Fireball '' , a colleague of his old friend Ryvora .
muppet	Will Lee was born in Brooklyn , New York , and began his career as an actor on stage during the height of the Great Depression . The son of a bookbinder , who had lost his job due to the economic changes , Lee worked odd jobs in the city , and absorbed the intellectual and artistic atmospheres of Union Square and Greenwich Village . It was there that he became aware of the developing Workers Laboratory Theater , a collective which performed experimental works , often with Communist or other political overtones . Lee recalled his initiation into both the WLT and the acting profession I was in the Cooperative Restaurant one night . One of the regulars there asked me if I wanted to join a theatre group ... I went with him up to a room ... We sat on the floor and I was very quiet and reticent . This was a whole new world for me .... We were doing improvisations , although I dont think we called them that then . Hymie Shapiro , the director said to me , Its raining , youre hungry , youre cold , youre walking on Third Avenue and you pass by a bakery . Well ... go do it . I was broke . The weather was part of my struggle to live through . I was always hungry . I did it . They were shocked . They said , Is this the first time you ever did anything like this ? I said , Yes . I sat down ... As my ass hit the floor , I said to myself , This is the work I want to do .
starwars	Senator Kayl sent a Republic individual to assist Winborn in stopping the terrorist attack .
poke	The shiny Swellow avoids Wing Attack , and due to the impact of the attack , Ash 's Swellow falls down , while the shiny Swellow pecks the other , hurting it .
starwars	Drokkatta was a Wookiee Warrior within the Rebel Alliance that was stationed on Coruscant .
starwars	This situation persisted through the next few hundred years .
poke	May tells her friends Mr. Briney will take them to Dewford Island , though Brock , Ash and Max have their doubts , knowing Mr. Briney is an old man with an old boat , that would take a lot of time to get to Dewford Island .
muppet	Barnetts film career is highlighted by his role as comic relief guard Mullroy in Pirates of the Pirates of the Caribbean The Curse of the Black Pearl and Pirates of the Caribbean At Worlds End . Other film credits include Lorenzos Oil , Black Beauty , FairyTale A True Story , Calendar Girls , Peter Finding Neverland , and Ludwig van Copying Beethoven .
starwars	In a Republic ship fleeing Mahranee , a refugee , Ashu-Nyamal , runs away from her family , as she wants revenge on the Separatists .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the , Abby , Rosita Sketches page .
muppet	The Alien runs out of fuel and crashes in Faffner Hall in the The Ghost of Faffner Ghost of Faffner Hall episode `` Episode 103 Sounds Become Sounds Become Music '' .
muppet	Oh yeah , since Sesame Street News Flash won the Quality award , arent you guys going to mention it as a Today On item ? --
muppet	Dr. Strangepork also appeared in the final Muppet Babies episode `` Episode 808 Eight Flags Over the Eight Flags Over the Nursery , '' in a `` Pigs in Space '' adventure , using footage from the Little Muppet Monsters episode `` Episode 102 Space Space Cowboys . ''
muppet	An Banana Nose Maldonado animated version of the character appeared in the `` Kermit the Frog Kermit the Frog , Private Eye '' segment in the Little Muppet Monsters episode `` Episode 101 In the In the Beginning '' .
poke	Ash wonders how to counter Aerial Ace , so he looks at the wind blowing away the dust and recalls how his Swellow did the same .
poke	Things are getting really tough when Chaz and Janet battle each other to the finals .
poke	On June 5 , 2012 , 4Kids commenced an auction between Kidsco and 4K Acquisition which was then adjourned so 4Kids , Kidsco , and 4K Acquisition could consider an alternative transaction .
poke	Meowth speaks where Abby should massage , so the heroes and Abby is amazed how Meowth can speak , so Team Rocket undisguise themselves .
muppet	His varied animation roles include Speedy Gonzales in Looney Tunes Back in Action , Goku on Dragon Ball Z , Rex in the Toy Story franchise , Mike Waszowski in Monsters Inc. and Monsters University , Quasimodo in The Hunchback of Notre Dame , Thomas in Pocahontas , King Arthur in Quest for Camelot , and the title role in Spirit Stallion of the Cimarron . He also dubbed the White Rabbit in the Tim Burton Alice in Wonderland movies and Johnny 5 in Short Short Circuit 2 .
poke	May sends her Pokémon as well , having Skitty use Blizzard , Beautifly use Silver Wind , Combusken use Fire Spin and Bulbasaur use Petal Dance .
starwars	However , Thrawn and Padmé managed to find a smaller freighter and evacuate Anakin and the factory workers including LebJau , who rescued R2-D2 .
muppet	In addition to Durkee and Cerf , who worked on other pieces as well , Norman Stiles wrote or co-wrote three pieces `` Another Cinderella , '' about stepfamilies who bend over backwards to give attention to a new sibling ; `` The Kingdom with No Rules , No Laws , and No King , '' about how children and even adults need rules ; and `` We Need a Bigger Turkey , '' with Cerf , a poem about a Thanksgiving dinner to which everyone on earth is invited . Paul Jacobs provided sheet music arrangements and , with Durkee , co-wrote the title song and `` Thank Someone . ''
poke	Ash yells that Pikachu should use Thunderbolt on the Light Stone , despite Thatcher 's doubt , since they are too far away .
starwars	Extinct on their homeworld of Kintan , they were used as guard beasts by many Hutt gangsters .
poke	The Contest is about to begin , though Ash stays with Snorunt and Pikachu to train .
muppet	The show debuted in 2003 , and was followed by a sequel nine months later . The show itself was a pop culture phenomenon , ranking it with the season finale of Survivors first season as one of the most watched reality television events .
muppet	Hey , Brad ! Good job digging up all the stuff for the new album . I was looking around a few days ago , and I couldnt find anything ! Now I dont have to try to find the LPs ! I hope this kickstarts Disney and Genius to make Muppet and Sesame CDs !
muppet	John Cleeses Agent makes a fleeting appearance in The Muppet Show Episode 223 John episode 223 . However , he is unable to assist client John Cleese in his dispute over contractual stipulations against pig co-stars . All that is seen of him is a shoe , the final piece being consumed by a ravenous Mean Mama . Now suddenly without representation , Cleese eagerly prepares to work with the pigs .
poke	At the same time , Ash has a double battle against another ranger also named Franklin who is identical to the other one .
muppet	Hi , Yosi ! Just a quick reminder , for future reference , IMDB is never a reliable source . Its even in our Muppet Wiki and Guidelines page . Vogels resume proved he played Floyd and Crazy Harry , but not Robin
muppet	The season introduces new changes to the set in an effort to get viewers to associate the Muppet characters with locales , as well as to modernize the look of the street .
poke	Adam remembers that on his last dive that day , he saw a Relicanth carrying the necklace on its fin .
starwars	L'ampar deduced that Mon ' z was an informant for the NRSB , and Trune confirmed as much .
starwars	Sana tells Han and Chewbacca that she had been sent by her employers to bid for a piece of technology known as the Phylanx Redux Transmitter .
starwars	Although she had been born as a girl to a father who wanted a boy , she was fiercely loyal to Moff Yage and persevered to prove herself as a worthy heir to their family name .
starwars	Tavin Notsil
poke	Ash and the group are nearly at Rustboro City when two Coordinators , Chaz and Janet , stop them and tell them about Pokémon Contests .
muppet	Hi MuppetVJ . Thanks for your warm welcome on my talk page ! I dont know if I have a lot to contribute here -- Im no expert at all -- but I ran across that Number Song Series quotation kind of by accident and decided to create an account and drop it into the relevant article . I also wondered if you might have any advice on where to find complete synopses of the Sesame Street street-action plots for the first few seasons .
poke	The woman sings again , but is interrupted by Team Rocket , demanding the treasure and chant their motto .
muppet	Kingsley appeared in several
muppet	A second opening sequence appears in season 3 , becoming standard by season 5 . Here , the Babies ride on a flying book , Kermits tricycle transforms into a speedboat and rocketship , and the Babies play fantasy characters during the middle verse . Nannys one line had also been rerecorded at this point . This sequence also includes clips from season 2 episodes .
poke	Bulbasaur does so , while Savannah , remembering May 's advice from earlier , orders to Lairon to attack with Take Down .
starwars	Mitth'raw'nuruodo , however , soon reached the rank of commander—the youngest Chiss ever to achieve the rank—and impressed the Eighth Ruling Family enough during his early career to be considered a trial-born , with the possibility of becoming a permanent member of the family .
poke	Max is glad Juan has one Pokémon left , but Brock reminds him and May Pikachu and Swellow are a bit exhausted from their previous battles .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 1941 , February 28 , 2011
starwars	Greez Dritus 's great-grandmother was first mentioned in the 2019 video game `` '' .
muppet	The `` pie in the face '' gag has been around since the days of Vaudeville . The Keystone Kops were credited with bringing it to the big screen . The `` art '' of the pie fight was later amplified in 1927 with Laurel and Laurel and Hardys short film The Battle of the Century . Monty Python , Charlie Chaplin , Bugs Bunny , The Three Stooges , Dick Van Dyke , Carl Reiner , and Mel Brooks have all used pie gags in their productions . The Muppets have used and adapted this joke on numerous occasions . Pies used on The Muppet Show for such gags are made from Crazy Foam , a childrens bath product far easier to clean off of puppet fur and fleece than custard or fruit .
starwars	Vydel Dir'Nul and her split personality of Kardem first appeared in the short comic `` Dark Journey , '' which was featured in `` Star Wars Tales 17 '' and written by Jason Hall .
starwars	In the end , the Knights lost their master when Ben Solo returned to the light side of the Force , destroying the dark persona of Kylo Ren in the process .
poke	May noticed how Corphish battled much better against Team Rocket , making Poncho think he and Ludicolo were just lucky to win the last battle .
poke	Ash wishes there was something they could do , so Brock has an idea to help him .
poke	That someone is running towards them ; Ash and Brock greet the person , who is Misty , along with Togepi .
starwars	His first weapon was the one confiscated from Grey in the attack .
poke	May thinks Jimmy was lucky to have obtained the badge , as the Gym Leader was not around when he visited the Gym .
poke	Birch thanks May and admits May resembles like her own mother , which Birch has not seen in some time .
starwars	Ungasan decided to create an alternative podracing event , the Ungasan Cross Country , to take some of the Hutts 's profits .
poke	Brock sends Forretress , who uses Rapid Spin , with May sending Torchic to use Ember on Team Rocket 's machine .
starwars	Reverence for nature dominated Ho'Din society , with the Dinante Fli ' R priests ruling Moltok .
poke	's `` fuzz '' image as its sprite , and uses the cry of a Zapdos that is higher-pitched than usual .
poke	Seeing Nurse Joy and Norman talking , Ash greets Norman , who welcomes Ash , knowing he must 've obtained more Pokémon .
muppet	Lawrence H. Levy is a television writer and author who scripted the third season Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 308 Hungry for Hungry for Love . ''
muppet	February 8 , 1969 Go to Toronto - Tape `` The Cube '' Fb . 10-15 , Edit 16
muppet	Kim attended Muppeteer a puppeter workshop for Sesame Workshop in 2014
starwars	The ground team placed a homing beacon on a fault line in the Desolation region of Caarimon and Ost planned to crash a escape pod filled with the virus onto the transmitter , to both unleash the infection and trigger and environmental catastrophe .
muppet	Im not really sure what to do with this page . The fact that the company bought ITV at one point is kind of noteworthy , but aside from that , it isnt very relevant or interesting . --
starwars	It was the site of a deadly groundquake 23 BBY , and was the homeworld of Aris-Del Wari and her mother , Jonava Billane .
poke	Team Rocket takes Camerupt , although Ash sends Corphish , who cuts the rope , then blasts them off Bubble Beam .
starwars	Episode I : Anakin 's Adventures to Color
muppet	This tie-in was huge way back in 2002 . This article has been looming , but Ive never really felt like tackling it because its NASCAR . The Muppets appeared at a big press rally , there was tons of merch , there was a planned appearance at one of the races that got cancelled and commercials for UPS , and frog knows what else . If anyone wants to take a stab at all that , please go for it . Sesame Streets also got a spoof coming up this season . Scott
muppet	Hey Ken . How is it know that http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=Emily_Perl_Kingsley
muppet	Nye appeared in the live-action segments of Back to the Back to the Future The Animated Series as an assistant to Dr. Emmett Brown , the DINOSAUR attraction , and CyberSpace Mountain . He also made a guest appearance on The Mickey Mouse The Mickey Mouse Clubs Anything Can Happen Day , and is a regular expert life line on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire .
starwars	on several occasions .
poke	May is confident to get the next ribbon , while her friends think she may even win the following Contest .
starwars	Star Wars Comic UK 4.27 was the 27th issue of the 4th volume of `` Star Wars Comic UK '' , published for July 2007 .
poke	Max comes to them , hearing Steven , son of Mr. Stone , president of Devon Corporation , is doing some secret research , so they promise to look for him .
starwars	With the approval of the people , Kryze took the Darksaber and the mantle of leader , rallying the support of Clan Wren 's forces and her own Nite Owls .
starwars	The Padawan and his master were on board the colony and survived its crash to the planet 's surface .
poke	Liza and Tate argue more , as Tate claims the angle is important , while Liza states it is the timing .
muppet	Weygand has been the primary German voice of Vincent DOnofrio , beginning with Law
poke	Meowth is alone with Skitty and tells her to go away , warning she will have a rough life with Jessie .
muppet	`` The Mean Machine '' was sung by Nippy the Tiger Beetle on The Animal Show Episode 116 Tiger
poke	Team Rocket thinks Brawly is making excuses , but Brawly points out a jet of water can spout out .
poke	Suddenly , Brock , May , Max and Pikachu turn around and are startled to see Ash bought all kinds of souvenirs , making him look very flashy .
starwars	The pirates were flying in a tight formation , and when combined with the speed of Calrissian 's maneuver , their proximity resulted in them being caught by surprise .
starwars	As Klivian and Antilles debated what to do next , they were attacked by TIEs aligned with the Nationalist government .
muppet	Puppeteers Dave Goelz , Jerry Nelson , Steve Whitmire , Frank Oz and various uncredited puppeteers .
muppet	Lexine was a frequent background character in street scenes , notably during the Slimey to the 1998 storyline in which Slimey goes to The the moon , and appeared in several Muppet
muppet	I tuned into my local PBS affiliate earlier this week to start catching Elmos World segments I hadnt summarized yet and found theyre replaying Season 35 Season 35 . Hopefully Ill be adding to this each weekday for awhile . Woo hoo ! --
muppet	Muppet Music The Swedish Chef appears in the new The Nerdist music video `` Gersberms . '' In October , The Muppets partnered with Cee Lo Green on the song `` All I Need is Love , '' which is featured on the Christmas album Cee Los Magic Moment . A live performance of the song will be a part of Greens Christmas special set to air November 30th . In September , Fraggles Gobo Gobo , Wembley Wembley , Red Red , Mokey Mokey , Boober Boober and Uncle Traveling Matt made their first appearance all together since 1987 on Ben Folds Fives new music video `` Do It Anyway . ''
poke	Also , Brock finds the Dragon Fang , which is good for a Pokémon that use Dragon-type attacks .
muppet	Beaker normally communicates through a series of high-pitched `` mee-mee-mee '' noises . In some of his earlier appearances , Beakers language sounded more like that of someone who was too terrified to get any real words out of his mouth . His `` meeping '' language began in Episode 219 Peter episode 219 . He did manage to muster `` Bye Bye '' in the Banana Sharpener Muppet Labs segment . In The Muppet Movie , his words were the closest they ever got to being real words , as his line `` Sadly temporary '' was quite clear , as well as his line `` Make-up ready ! '' . He re-used the `` Sadly temporary '' line in Muppets From Space .
starwars	The Council of Gordek was a a four member council voted for by the collective Orfite sahhs .
poke	May scolds him and tells him to speak up and say `` I love you '' than `` I like you '' .
poke	Ash spots the Donphan Brock healed with a bandage , who rolls to the shiny one .
muppet	On January 13 , 2010 , Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment acquired the rights to manufacture video games based on the Sesame Street characters .
poke	Misty sends Corsola , who uses Spike Cannon , but the attack does nothing to Shedinja .
muppet	The Word on the Street New half-hour episodes for the Sesame Streets Season 46 46th season are now airing on HBO , and will air subsequently on PBS stations in the fall . New video releases include the special The Cookie Thief The Cookie Thief and Sing It , Elmo ! . This spring will see the release of a second line of Sesame Street Funko vinyl toys , including figures of Big Bird , Elmo and The Count .
muppet	`` Reach Out and Touch '' was performed by Diana Ross as the closing number on Episode 424 Diana episode 424 of The Muppet Show . She was joined by Fozzie Bear , Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy , Gonzo , and Scooter .
poke	This would include English-dubbing Japanese anime through its subsidiary 4Kids Productions , which the company would be mostly known for .
poke	Nidoqueen and Nidoking use Submission , combining their attacks , which hits Corphish and Skitty , defeating them both .
starwars	However , it had inspired Calrissian to build a similar facility .
poke	Oak reminds Ash he has to work well for the League and not to underestimate his opponents , which Ash promises to .
starwars	The planet 's Imperial installation commander , General Evir Derricote , had hidden reserves on hand that he kept hidden from both the New Republic and his superiors in the Empire , and therefore he was able to easily fend off the attack .
poke	Shelly tells Archie that Kyogre has been released , though Archie planned that all along .
muppet	If you want to go vintage of course , you can try backing some of Cookie Monsters recipes from Big Birds Busy Book . Peel an actual honeydew melon and stick prop glasses on it before serving !
poke	Roselia uses Magical Leaf , but it misses , since Medicham used Meditate to dodge .
starwars	Both carried legal cargoes and were allowed to pass .
starwars	Obi-Wan then used his technical expertise to repair the hyperdrive on Queen Amidala 's vessel .
muppet	I just noticed this page . Since its exactly the same material as Havin Fun with Ernie and Bert , same cover even , no translation , I dont think a seperate page is necessary , just a note about the Australian label . And the same goes for any other releases of pre-existing albums in Australia , Canada , or other English-speaking nations ; any variations in labels , covers , or minor isolated track changes can be handled much like The Muppet Show
muppet	https//www.deviantart.com/thomperfan/art/ Got ta -Be-Me-ft-Secret-Agent-23-Skidoo-801522898
starwars	Yeager counters they do n't have a few minutes and that Doza wants the cannons online now .
starwars	The characters are provided with several ways to get inside the closely-guarded estate , with the most indirect approach being posing as pilgrims visiting the Temple of Kooroo .
poke	Mr. Big admits he was to give the berries to them all , but now has nothing to mix for the firework color .
starwars	Like all IG-86 sentinel droids , this droid was created by Holowan Mechanicals to serve as an assassin droid .
starwars	By then , Task Force 99 had destroyed the Horox III rebel outpost .
poke	Hariyama uses Arm Thrust , but Treecko dodges the attack , then uses Pound on Hariyama 's legs .
starwars	Circa 1 ABY , the Ragtags vandalized the Coronet Starport , hoping to blame the Meatlumps and get them into trouble .
poke	Marius tries to break the cage by having Spheal use Body Slam , but it claps and hits Marius with the attack .
starwars	He often sported stylish dark robes which contrasted with the more traditional garments preferred by most Jedi .
muppet	While its true that many appearances by talking Muppet food was in musical numbers , they dont just sing . Have they ever been referred to on screen or in print as `` Singing Food '' ? Because in The Muppets A Celebration of 30 Years , Fozzie Fozzie introduces them as `` The ever-popular talking food '' . I think a change to `` Talking Food '' is in order , especially since some of the food on this list
starwars	Singularity
poke	However , he gives them the job of making a base in Hoenn , for the rewards will be great .
poke	When James sent Cacnea to use Pin Missile , it was discolored , the green parts were colored in black .
poke	Sheridan whispers `` Helping Hand '' through his microphone and Max sees something coming from the drums .
poke	It hits Milotic and hurts it pretty badly , but Milotic uses Recover , healing itself .
muppet	A patch of singing Watermelons appear in Episode 321 Roger episode 321 of The Muppet Show . They join guest star Roger Miller to sing `` In the Summertime '' . The melons also play accompaniment on banjos and guitars , using their vines .
starwars	Though Bane failed , Sy Snootles was able to give Jabba himself the records after she killed Ziro .
muppet	Are we sure about this one ? http//www.imdb.com/name/nm0317028/ Harris IMDb page doesnt mention The Dark Crystal , The Flinstones or Return of the Jedi . His bio on http//www.crawley-creatures.com/about.htm Crawley Creatures does , so I expect that IMDb is probably wrong , but I thought Id see if anybody has a copy of Dark Crystal handy and feels like checking the credits .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 2225 , March 15 , 2011
muppet	Gloria Estefan is a Cuban singer who has made several appearances on Sesame Street
poke	Ash , Brock , Max and Kelly congratulate her , while Kelly promises to battle her once more .
poke	Elsewhere , Ash , Brock and May are walking and the latter is worried about Max .
poke	All is not calm on the way there however as a school of Sharpedo suddenly attack Mr. Briney 's boat .
poke	Seeing these children are adventurers , the president thinks of his son , Steven , who is at Dewford Island and may even help them , should they run into trouble .
muppet	Someone on the Portuguese Wikipedia http//pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Gomes_
starwars	Then the spacer went on to find Orrekazzapirr and Imarra , which were eventually freed from the Imperial prison on Dathomir .
starwars	Graf Yonna
poke	Cacnea goes to attack the Phantom , but Skitty uses Blizzard , blowing Seviper , Cacnea and Brock away .
muppet	Just parking this info here , in case somebody wants to tackle the page before I get around doing so http//thedoctorstv.com/main/show_page/349 official site — feel free to do so ! —
poke	May also recalls her favorite movie : Natu and Xatu were travelling in a ship across Milky Way , being in love .
muppet	Did 13 episodes air on the WB or only 3 ? Or is it that 13 episodes were produced ? --
starwars	Helman joined Industrial Light & Magic in 1996 as a Sabre Department Supervisor .
starwars	The force truly available to Thrawn consisted only of the dozen Star Destroyers and their support lines still remaining in Death Squadron after the defeat at Endor , of which only six—the `` Chimaera '' , the `` Judicator '' , the `` Death 's Head '' , the `` Stormhawk '' , the `` Nemesis '' and the `` Inexorable '' —were judged fully loyal .
starwars	On another occasion , Fromm accidentally destroyed his father 's vacation palace on Bolad .
muppet	Che appeared on Episode 5002 of Sesame Street .
muppet	The Top 25 list is based on the number of article edits , from the http//www.wikicities.com/muppetstats/TablesWikipediaMUPPET.htm Muppet Wiki statistics .
muppet	https//www.deviantart.com/thomperfan/art/Caterpillars-and-Butterflies-801667240
poke	Ash refuses , though Max and May , after getting scared by Mightyena , convince him they can only obey .
starwars	Eight-Three 's turret was separated from his gunship during the battle .
muppet	Hi , Andrew . I just made a addition for the Sesame Street Puppets , but It doent Link . Do you know why Or how to link it ? Ive noticed a lot of the McCalls Crafts on Ebay and it has a large commerce for Sesame Street Stuff . Paul
poke	James think they are lazy and reminds them they spent a lot of money for the Wurmple machine .
poke	Team Rocket spies on the twerps , making Jessie think she 'll be lucky to see Illumise and Volbeat dance , thinking about her imaginary lover .
poke	Since they have to wait for the boat to Mossdeep City , the heroes spend some time with other trainers , who want to get physically fit for the battles .
poke	However , a meteorite fell one day near the spring and since that day the Solrock has been spotted near the village .
poke	Later on , the heroes are surprised that Nuzleaf are so welcoming to their Pokémon , who are spending the time together .
muppet	But still , what do you think about putting in a section noting these instances , saying that they may have been meant to be other characters ? -- User Minor muppetz 0344 , September 26 , 2011
poke	Cacturne goes to end with Faint Attack , but Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip on its leg to stop the attack .
starwars	The Graveyard consisted of five interconnected rings of ships all of which had been lured to the Graveyard with distress calls , in an attempt to make others suffer as he had suffered .
muppet	Is there a reason why the production date isnt in the box like it is for The Muppet Show ? I think it would be easier to see when a show was shot and aired at the same time , instead of having to go to the bottom of the page . Any thoughts ? --
poke	Later that day , Julie thanks the heroes for their assistance and tells them to go to Lavaridge Town , they need to take the cable cart to cross Mount Chimney and descend down .
muppet	He played RaaKeel in `` Episode 404 Lavas a Many Splendored Lavas a Many Splendored Thing '' and Pennoch in the episode `` Episode 422 Bad Bad Timing '' .
muppet	The visible arm in the Remembering Game . I dont see that as a goof . I mean , we cant expect those game board blocks to just magically turn around themselves , now can we ? If the show were `` Concentration '' , I bet the operator would be shown on screen . Someone has to operate the game board , right ? I dont consider it a goof that we can see someones arm turning a block around when we know they have to be there . Anyone agree ? Garrettk41 2031 , 28 December 2008
muppet	Though , I tried to polish each of these ; the actual DVD quality is a bit ... worse . Unfortunately , I dont think they even have German subtitles , which sucks for the deaf and hard-of-hearing !
poke	Max wonders why is Torkoal having a tough time battling Magnemite and Torkoal , since it has advantage , but Ash reminds Max Torkoal was outnumbered .
muppet	Do we need a whole category for one item though ? Or , two I guess , as Power of the Dark Crystal can also go in there .
muppet	Sesame Street News Flash Kermit the Frog asks the Three Little Pigs how they feel after the Big Bad Wolf blew their houses 2096 } }
muppet	Hopper , a cute little bunny rabbit who dreams of visiting his relatives overseas , was a guest on `` Swift Wits '' and subsequently eaten by Big Mean Carl in the UK Spots ( Muppets UK Spot in Episode 206 Paula episode 206 of Muppets Tonight .
starwars	After Jaden defeated Penin , Katarn reached the room .
starwars	Frog-dogs found it in their best interest to hide their intelligence from others .
starwars	Cassio Tagge ultimately ascended to the rank of general , and became an influential figure within the military , strengthening the organization 's ties to his family 's TaggeCo corporation , and holding sway with Emperor Palpatine himself .
muppet	In February 2012 , it was officially announced that the project was no longer in production .
starwars	Boo Rawl appeared in the short story `` Slaying Dragons '' , which was published in the ninth issue of the `` Star Wars Adventure Journal '' by West End Games in 1996 .
poke	Team Rocket explores the tunnels , thinking one of them had a flashlight to reveal the dark path , but nobody has thought to bring one .
poke	Ash and Pikachu have equipped themselves with plastic wings to teach Swablu how to fly , even if others doubt that 's a good idea .
poke	Janet and Chaz enter the finals , so they need to impress the audience within five minutes .
poke	May is still in despair , but Brock promises they 'll find her Poké Balls and recalls Linoone has the Pickup ability , that makes it find some stuff around .
poke	The second part is that Pokémon speeds up and rushes , making it seem it disappeared .
muppet	Also , when re-adding , look at pages like Die Muppets . Thanks !
muppet	Hi . Thanks for all the Nielsen ratings . Where do they come from ? Scott
poke	Team Rocket see the institute and plan to steal the machines that control the weather for their boss .
starwars	However , before they could return to the Tribe 's homeworld , the strike team was defeated during the attack on Skywalker , yielding Khai as the sole Sith survivor .
starwars	`` -- -Below you will find background information on known criminals , various organizations , species and other individuals tracked by CorSec Intelligence .
starwars	Fett recommended they be used as intelligence units and placed the boys under Skirata 's care .
poke	Team Rocket , disguised as janitors , explain that Spoink went off with the pearl .
starwars	Among them were several Oodocs who had their spikes blown off .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunder , so Liza decides to have her Lunatone Light Screen , but Ash states he was hoping they 'd do that .
muppet	There are a bunch of pages that link to this article , as well as a Muppets Characters category . Weve also got our first example of Muppets merchandise this week , so well probably need a Merchandise category before long .
muppet	Heres an interesting thing I want to mention on Current Events in case anyone missed it
muppet	For guest appearances and minor roles see TV Appearances
poke	While Max is soaking the clothes , May is surprised Ash is training , since she thinks they are just sitting around .
starwars	When a creature brushed an arm , it would be seized by the gulper and eaten .
starwars	Father and daughter then had a conversation that involved exchanging information about the invaders .
poke	However , Beautifly gusts away the sand , causing the heroes and the people on the beach to be engulfed by the sand .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Bagon dodges the attack and uses Headbutt , hitting Pikachu and bashing him to a rock .
starwars	Koon was by his master 's side as he died , Koon devastated by his loss .
muppet	A Sacrificial Idol was seen in a sketch from Episode 419 Lynda episode 419 of The Muppet Show , posed as the center of worship by a group of pigs . Chosen as their lamb , Janice has been tied to a grill set over roasting flames . Naturally , she breaks out into a rendition of the Beatles `` With a Little Help From My Friends , '' a prayer which is answered when the remaining members of Dr. Teeth and the Electric The Electric Mayhem show up to rescue her .
muppet	Unlike most of the international versions , however , this dub also translates most of the series , except for `` Episode 511 The Gorg Who Would Be The Gorg Who Would Be King '' , and `` Episode 513 Change of Change of Address '' .
starwars	However , unknown to the droids , the `` Malevolence '' navigation computer had been sabotaged and redirected the ship towards the nearby Dead Moon of Antar , and was destroyed , with Grievous fleeing the system , ending a transmission with Dooku before making his retreat .
poke	Fortunately , Abby found a Pokémon Clinic , where the doctor , named Moss , massaged Skitty .
muppet	A Swingin Sesame Street Celebration 50 Years
poke	Ash and Brock are shocked that Team Rocket were actually stupid enough to trade away a Spoink 's pearl for a Feebas that turned out to be a Magikarp with May voicing it by stating `` Talk about stupid . ''
starwars	Revald was a Human male Republic Navy admiral operating on Hoth during the Cold War between the Republic and the recounstituted Sith Empire .
starwars	After experiencing a Force vision of a powerful starship called the `` Arrowhead '' , Rowan Freemaker struggled with explaining the description of the ship to the Mon Calamari starship builder Quarrie , who worked for the Rebel Alliance .
muppet	It looks like moving the `` Current Discussions '' box into My Home has helped to perk up the active talk pages a lot -- all five of the Hot Spots are for talk pages right now ! Im really glad you brought that up a couple weeks ago ; I think the combo of Hot Spots and the Discussions box is keeping us more focused on the talk pages than ever . --
poke	Luvdisc evades and uses Sweet Kiss , confusing Grovyle and putting Ash 's victory in question .
starwars	Mauve in coloration , they were frequently used in art on that world .
muppet	According to news reports from an interview with Ryan Haygood , a defense fund colleague of Adegbiles in New York
muppet	Hey , Michael ! Whats your source for `` he also built the dollhouse seen in the Dollhouse film ? '' The film is identified as a Henson film , so that certainly indicates he directed it , but what proof do you have for inferring that he personally constructed the dollhouse ? --
poke	Team Rocket is frustrated by the fact that their foes are successfully fishing out Pokémon .
poke	Meowth claims they only had to ask , while Jessie urges them to conduct their original plan .
poke	Everyone decides to camp out and Elijah compliments Brock for the food he prepared .
poke	Nurse Joy demands to know what the Shiftry wants , but the Nuzleaf , Seedot and Oddish appear .
poke	The man , who chased the inventor , named Kennedy , contacts the others where the inventor went off to .
muppet	In July 2015 , Kermit the Frog appeared in a video on Facebook to remind his followers that it was Shark Week . Wondering why its called that , Kermit is chased through a park by the shark . In the end , the shark turns on the camera to attack the viewer .
starwars	By the time of the Battle of Yavin , Ilyamo lived in Coronet City with his wife Angela .
starwars	Although Umbarans did have hair , some of them either were bald or shaved their heads .
starwars	After the Battle of Endor , the term `` warlord '' came to be applied rather indiscriminately to surviving leaders of the Imperial military and political apparatus .
muppet	Looking through my files , I found the relevant * caption * to the picture ... but not the picture ! Ill keep looking , and probably someone else has it from the assorted CTW trip info shares , and this narrows down that it accompanied fifth season publicity .
muppet	On another note , those other actors you mentioned . We have a page for Hal Smith , but what of the other two ? Are either of them known to have participated in any Muppet projects ? Because if so , we should do pages for them as well .
poke	The heroes go through a path that will lead them to Mauville City , then to Petalburg City .
muppet	In cartoons , Wituch dubbed the Penguin , Mayor Hill , the Ventriloquist/Scarface , and others on Batman The Animated Series and spinoffs , Wimpy in the Popeye shorts , Clifford the Big Red Dog , Elrond in the animated The Lord of the Rings film , Fanboy on Freakazoid , and assorted characters in Looney Tunes cartoons .
muppet	The show used the Henson Digital Performance System , which allows puppeteers to control computer generated characters in real-time . Unlike traditional computer animation , the show uses computer puppetry to bring the characters to life . Brian Henson , director of the Frances pilot , discussed the process in a radio interview
muppet	The book also recommends using the stickers with The Muppets Theater Stage Set activity book .
poke	The woman introduces herself as Elisa ; Brock does not stop flirting , so Max pulls him by his ear .
starwars	Rekush was mentioned once in 1998 's `` '' , written by Peet Janes for Dark Horse Comics , within a short character biography of Feylis Ardele .
muppet	I was wondering would it be ok to add a headin for Disney Channel in scandinavia on this page and list the shows that have been shown so far . Its not that many to this date only Dinosaurs , Muppet treasure island and muppets wizard of oz . User Rytter 1748 , 11 August 2006
starwars	Following the rediscovery of Tython by Jedi Master Satele Shan , the Jedi Order relocated their headquarters to their ancestral homeworld to replace their Coruscant Temple destroyed at the end of the Great Galactic War .
starwars	Instead of joining the political infighting of her Sith peers , she amused herself by watching their rabid power games from the sidelines .
starwars	Kaya Gimm
poke	The Nuzleaf refuse , but in that moment of distraction , Team Rocket captures the Nuzleaf and Pikachu .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 1847 , December 22 , 2009
starwars	Kenobi then joined up with the Naboo Resistance to fight near the Palace , and helped them take out 2 baron droids .
muppet	Heres the youtube link to this episode so we can complete the guide http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8sRJmg7BLME
muppet	Sandy Gore Fetal Fetal Attraction . ''
starwars	He was only saved from a watery death by the efforts of his nominal enemy Kerra , who destroyed Zodoh 's flagship and scattered his invasion fleet .
starwars	Gwori system
starwars	The book was published on January 17 , 2017 .
muppet	Rowlfs piano was a dud , the hands could bang the keys with no sound being emitted ; instead , the pre-recorded piano track would handle the music . However . in Episode 309 episode 309 Rowlf had to come in and start playing the same piano which guest star Liberace was performing on . Since the number , including Liberaces actual piano playing , was recorded live , Derek Scott was off camera tickling the ivories while Rowlf mimed the actions on stage . On close inspection of the scene , a viewer can see that Rowlf is actually not touching any of the keys , just banging the air above them so as to not emit any stray sounds and ruin the take .
starwars	Kasmir responds that the stormtrooper does not know what he is fighting for anymore but Grey says that he does not have to know because he is just following orders .
starwars	The droids spoke Huttese rather than Basic .
muppet	The Muppets have also appeared on merchandise created specifically for the park , including Disney pins , Muppet Christmas ornaments ( Disney Christmas ornaments , Vinylmation , and Pook-a-Looz .
poke	They think of Savannah as their idol , who won one ribbon , even if Savannah claims it was just pure luck .
muppet	Where did `` Roowlf '' come from anyway ? Was it posted in some article , or in the novelization ? Otherwise , we should probably stick to what the credits call him . --
poke	The winner who passed the House of Tricks is Ivan , from Mauville City , who receives the PokéBlocks .
poke	The heroes goes after him , but Pikachu jumps to the submarine , where Groudon is .
starwars	Hedda Casset appeared in the 2021 novel `` '' .
muppet	Either way , its speculation , which we dont cover here unless its gotten some kind of media attention . See , Misinterpretations of Sesame Street product voices .
starwars	The Jedi and a companion soon arrived and fought their way through the Imperial forces that they encountered as they descended into the now-wrecked lab , and the two defeated almost a dozen Imperial stealth operatives and battle droids as they cleared the lab of hostiles .
starwars	After landing , Peppin flew ahead to the Sith capital of Tahv with a copy of the `` Keshtah Chronicles '' , which the Sith had obtained from Jogan 's private library .
poke	When Team Rocket sees Treecko knocked down and hurt by a Seviper , they decide that they must have that Seviper .
starwars	Grievous released himself from the clones , but Fisto severed Grievous 's cyborg body in half from the waist down .
starwars	The outer edge of the Paragon disk featured well-organized starport facilities staffed with top-of-the-line technical droids owned by the city .
starwars	Collectibles around the world , including the different things available in other countries , different versions of games , and unique items .
starwars	The droids receive a command from the central tower to destroy the trespassers , but before they can accomplish their orders Ardox draws his lightsaber and destroys them both .
starwars	The Communications satellites , however , had varying shapes , although all of them did possess black folds similar to TIEs .
poke	Some moments later , the heroes walk the streets and do not see a single person nearby .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Pantalones Talk ) 1519 , 5 April 2009
muppet	Norman Stiles , who was the first writer to write for Count , sent me this yesterday
poke	Ampharos uses Thunder Shock , so Skitty uses Assist and attacks with Quick Attack .
muppet	For Hanna-Barbera , Gerber voiced the animated Shirley Shirley Partridge on The Partridge The Partridge Family 2200 AD , Mrs. Zuckerman and others in Charlottes Web , and Irona on Richie Rich , to name a few . Later credits include housekeeper Mrs. Beakley on Huey , Dewey and DuckTales , Gotcha Grabmore on Looney Tiny Toon Adventures , and guest roles on The Sylvester and Tweety Mysteries and Duck Dodgers . She was also prolific in the live-action series of Sid and Marty Krofft , as Freddy the Flute and all female voices on H. R. Pufnstuf , Gina Lollowattage and others on The Bugaloos , and various hats on Lidsville . On the all-primate live-action show Lancelot Link Secret Chimp , she dubbed Mata Hairi , Dragon Woman , and the Duchess .
starwars	And yet , Fey'lya led a delegation to meet with elements of the Alliance Fleet shortly before the Battle of Endor , without having attained Bel Iblis ' alliance , although he continued to extend clandestine overtures to the Senator over the years .
poke	Ash starts bashing the laser with the rock , but is seen by Tabitha , who sends the grunts to stop him .
starwars	At least two of these Mon Calamari cruisers served as flagships , the `` Geist '' serving as the flagship of Gamma Group , and Commander Lajaie 's cruiser as the flagship of Beta Group .
muppet	After another Snerf moment , the puppets are back . Three Rowlfs take turns saying , `` So buy us at once , were a bundle of charms . '' The pair of Kermits finishes `` And if you dont buy us , well break both your arms . ''
muppet	Ed Grimley . 2088 } }
starwars	In a galaxy far , far away , General Leia Organa , Rey , Finn , Poe , and all their Resistance friends try to stop the First Order in this hardcover storybook .
poke	James tells to Jessie and Meowth what he saw , so Jessie thinks they should capture Pikachu , since they could get rich .
poke	Max and May descend down a tree , as the taller Max is confident he knows the forest quite well .
muppet	Clearly there are grey areas ; some articles are unfocused and some articles may straddle the definitions of multiple-categories . Thats why Im trying to open up discussion on how we classify and break things down . Sorry if Im being too anxious ... Ill hold off on any more changes until more have a chance to weigh in .
muppet	Beaker normally communicates through a series of high-pitched `` mee-mee-mee '' noises . was quite clear , as well as his line `` Make-up ready ! '' and his `` Radiant Wonderfulness '' line from The Muppets Wizard of Oz . He re-used the `` Sadly temporary '' line in Muppets from Space . In The Muppet Christmas Carol , Beaker let out an `` Oh , dear ! '' He also muttered an `` Oh no ! `` , before falling head first in Episode 107 Health and episode 107 of The Jim Henson Hour .
poke	When Wobbuffet comes to path , Claydol is needing to be captured inside the stone Poké Ball .
muppet	He was a DJ for his own radio station in the album The Counts Countdown . He was the host of a music video show in Count it Higher Great Music Videos from Sesame Street . He was an announcer in Learning About Numbers .
muppet	Hi there -- Thanks for helping out on the wiki ! Please dont take pictures off , unless you have something to replace them with . I agree that the Betty Lou picture has been seen too much , but its the only picture of her that we have ! --
poke	Meowth claims he is much smarter than any of them for this operation , but Jessie and James place a crate on him and refuse Meowth 's proposal to hire other workers .
poke	James orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt , attacking Ash , who does not understand why Pikachu is n't remembering him .
muppet	The Rubber Band Men backed up Lynda Carter in Episode 419 of The Muppet Show on `` Rubber Band Man . ''
starwars	The War Production Board was an organization within the Galactic Republic .
starwars	Afterwards , they hid the stolen TIE fighter , but claimed to have destroyed it to Jarrus and Syndulla 's approval .
poke	Team Rocket see the Ralts , and Jessie notes how cute it is , but James claims his Chimecho is better .
starwars	Wooro
poke	The man claims this is the only house in here for miles and it is rare the family gets any visitors .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1501 , 3 February 2010
starwars	While Fisto took on Tamson , Ahsoka escaped with Lee-Char and ran into hiding .
starwars	Cold-blooded reptiles , Trandoshans had two super-sensitive varied color eyes with horizontal black pupils , which could see far into the infrared range .
poke	Surprisingly , Swablu shakes its head in disagreement , so Brock thinks it is afraid to fly .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 0036 , August 5 , 2011
poke	The Fake Castform arrives to Ash , who takes it with him and goes away from the Team Aqua Grunts .
starwars	Han reassures Pace that he will lose them .
starwars	Kol was aided by Cade 's Master , Wolf Sazen , who dueled Darth Nihl .
starwars	He publicly accused D'Asta of trying to increase her own power and dismissed the Whiphid Councilor Ch'Unkk 's translator droid as a `` metal toady . ''
poke	Jimmy loses all hope , but Serena gives him confidence , for his heart is what it caused him and his Pokémon to be together .
poke	While the Pokémon is laughing , Treecko realizes they have been walking in a circle and see the Pokémon laughing .
poke	May spots that the computer in the room belongs to Nurse Joy , who did research on the Pokémon around her Center .
starwars	The Menahuun sent in scouts , and these scouts found mining droids who did their best to ignore the intruders —they were busy with their work and had not been programmed to react to the presence of organics .
poke	Before they eat , they look at Team Rocket , who looks at them with hungry faces .
starwars	Padmé Amidala
muppet	Hernandez has been a frequent supporting player in French cinema and television , appearing in such films as the 1981 Academy Academy Award-nominated Coup de Torchon , The Brain , and Un Crime au Paradis , as well as Sydney Pollocks Bobby Deerfield .
starwars	Despite Sloane 's military experience , he derided her as a little girl who did not want to share her resources .
muppet	Mary Louise attempts to audition again , this time as Carrie Louise , performing `` Old Man Ribbit '' . But Miss Piggy pulls her off-stage , telling her that shes the only female singer on the show . Then Steve performs another act , `` Rambling Guy '' . Sam the Eagle tells Kermit that he is outraged , asking if there is any old-fashioned entertainment auditioning . Scooter can only vouch for the old part Statler and Waldorf , who perform `` The Varsity Drag '' . However , Sam likes their act , and believes that the show can become more cultural , but his hope ends when Scooter mentions that the next act is Marvin Suggs and his All-Food Glee Club , who perform `` Yes , We Have No Bananas '' .
poke	The former reminds the latter food is for trainers that worked hard , but May responds they are trainers that will work hard .
poke	Hansen is disgusted , since he asked for Togepi , not for these trainers as well .
starwars	S'teeni
muppet	In 2002 , in the On the Set with Kermit interview , Kermit said `` I was the first born child , very responsible you know . I had several thousand younger brothers and sisters . '' He goes on to name them Angie , Artie , Aloysius , Andy , Artemus , ... Eloise , Eugene , Edward , Elaine , ... Mortimer , Marry , Millicent , Molly , Matthew , ... Yolanda , Yo-yo , Ya-ya , Ye-ye .
starwars	The armor came in two basic types : the marauder battle armor and the marauder reconnaissance armor .
poke	Brawly wonders how Ash has developed , since their previous battle Ash only used brute force which got his Pokémon defeated .
starwars	The `` Jade Sabre '' comes to pick up Luke 's X-wing .
muppet	Heya . Im confused by your changes . Why the move to `` The '' ? The name of the organization is right in the screenshot . Also , why remove the names Jim Henson used to describe the shorts ? Scott
poke	Suddenly , the taller Max sees Surskit went away on shore , finding its tracks , for it got scared of Team Rocket .
muppet	Sesame Street Stays Up Late ! is a 1993 New Years Eve special with guest appearances by characters from some of the international versions of Sesame Street . The special was first broadcast on December 29 , 1993
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 2020 , July 11 , 2011
poke	Brock sends his Lotad , who uses Water Gun , but it fails to use it effectively , making Team Rocket laugh .
starwars	Andra 's residence
starwars	Access to it was very exclusive and costly , and was only made available by invitation .
poke	They go to the lab , where they also find an Anorith , which evolves into an Armaldo .
muppet	Heath Wilder played a unamed alien hunter in the Farscape episode `` Episode 107 I , I , E.T . `` .
starwars	Level 72 was home to a cantina and a spaceport .
muppet	Joss Whedons father Tom Whedon co-wrote the Muppet production Hey Cinderella ! and worked for the Sesame Childrens Television Workshop as head writer on The Electric Company . Other Buffy cast and crew have worked on Muppet/Creature Shop projects
muppet	Does anyone know where this image came from originally ? Scott posted it from Sesame Street Unpaved Sesame Street Unpaved , but the book doesnt say from where it comes originally.— Tom
poke	The heroes introduce themselves to Taillow ( though May does it behind Brock ) .
muppet	Hey , Nick ! Just a reminder , be careful about creating pages for people based solely on an IMDb listing . Its not * impossible * that Marshall was heard in the first episode , but a ) IMDb is the sole source and we have no idea where we got it , b ) their entry also includes demonstrably false info for Holly Robinson Peete , and c ) Ron Marshall has been proven to have worked in more recent seasons of the series , so it may even have just been a mis-slip . Speculation within the article over who he might have voiced doesnt quite fit . Thanks ! --
starwars	He informed his superior of Solo 's escape , but told him that the Imperials had succeeded in wounding him .
starwars	In fact , Alderaan had been destroyed at the hands of the Imperial Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin , who had used the first Death Star 's superlaser on the planet .
poke	Natasha , the girl , who has been growing the watermelons , denies the heroes just found them `` floating in the river '' .
starwars	These items would usually appear to be much more valuable than their initial item , but if the creature could resist the temptation of claiming the example items , Elbo would eventually present them with both their original item and the items he had shown them as a reward for their honesty .
muppet	The shows humor relied heavily on incorporating footage from live action film and television productions , most often Star Wars , but clips from Hensons own The Muppet Show , Sesame Street , and Labyrinth also surfaced . Live-action cameo appearances included Whoopi Goldberg and Tom Selleck , amongst Babies Guest others .
starwars	Cantina Raid
muppet	Jon Amiel .
starwars	Bob Hart worked as a negative cutter for the special editions of , and .
poke	Skitty attacks with Double Slap , but Houndoom evades , slams Skitty with its tail and uses Shadow Ball on her .
muppet	A list of videos that have become dead links that we would like to replace . If a replacement can be found , please post at Thread207546
muppet	Alexanders simian credits include multiple roles in Tim Burtons Planet of the Apes and individual gorillas in Fierce Creatures and Little Shop of Horrors .
starwars	The Planetary Pioneers were a group of pilots who transported colonists to uninhabited planets to settle them .
muppet	To help show The Cube a mischievous cube that hes needed , Elmo and a Ham Actor sing a song that shows how cubes are everywhere . They are joined by various other cubes , including
poke	She starts shaking Ash , as Timmy is studying to inherit her company , claiming he does not need to be bothered to become a trainer .
poke	Brock ties himself with the rope they used to climb the waterfall , then dives in and goes to Mudkip .
poke	Meowth proposes Ralts should be given to the boss , as it would wake him up gently and protects them from intruders with Safeguard and Psychic , even make him sleepy with Hypnosis .
starwars	He later received an entry in 2008 's `` The Complete Star Wars Encyclopedia `` and the `` '' .
muppet	Hey , Scott , Ive been trying to copy pictures , but some of them look like theyve been created differently when I go inside `` edit '' . Some of them just say `` thumb '' , and they dont have a number where the pixel notation should be . Im trying to blow up the Roosevelt Franklin reissue to match the original , but I dont know how big it is now
muppet	Please read articles more carefully before removing information . Thanks .
muppet	Balconism — Dej-HAH-vous When all of the funny parts of a movie have already been shown in the trailer .
muppet	Hi Julianna , cool stuff . So you were the puppeteer in `` Yip , Yip , Family '' were you ? -- Zanimum 1812 , 13 June 2006
poke	Roxanne introduces the group from the Pokémon Academy , known also as the Pokémon Trainer School , an institution where younger children learn about Pokémon .
muppet	The band taped a segment of Sesame Street , which appeared in Episode 4181 . Commenting to Gothamist , a New York City-themed blog , band keyboardist Nick White offered his perspective
poke	A trainer comes and brings his Zigzagoon out to fight , though Pelipper uses Razor Leaf , Thunder and Flamethrower to defeat it .
starwars	They were ultimately highly skilled warriors who never retreated in the face of defeat , as they feared this would insult their gods .
starwars	However , it was an arrangement that Tainer accepted and he endured the long months of separation while relishing the celebration when the family was reunited .
muppet	Oh , one final issue with using those sorts of comments is that theyre often years old . Even here on Muppet Wiki , we often follow up on things and `` I checked , I got the title/date/etc . wrong '' is common . That may not be the case for that particular `` Coming Soon '' clip , but its why we need better evidence .
starwars	The book was published by Studio Fun International on November 1 , 2016 , and was later included in the `` Star Wars '' 3-Book Gift Set , released on November 22 , 2016 .
poke	Marius promises to battle Ash once more , who approves of the idea , though Max points out Marius has a lot of training to do first .
poke	She remembers her mom used to travel once , but Savannah laughs , since that was a long time ago .
poke	The B block consists Ash and some 3 other contestants , from which one is the champion , Volt .
muppet	None of Nelsons characters were as central to the show as characters like Kermit , Miss Piggy , and Scooter , and therefore Nelson often played major one-shot backstage characters , such as Irving Bizarre , Big Tiny Tallsaddle , and Angus McGonagle . His notable recurring characters included Camilla the Chicken , Pops , Louis Kazagger , and Dr. Julius Strangepork . One such character , Lew Zealand , was originally intended as a one-shot , but soon became a recurring character . Beginning in the second season , Nelson took over two of John Loveladys roles Crazy Harry and The Announcer ( Muppet the Announcer . Nelson went on to perform nearly every Muppet announcer in a major Henson production until 2002 . Nelson was also given such rarely-seen recurring characters as J.P. Grosse , Fleet Scribbler , and Uncle Deadly .
starwars	Although incapable of defeating proper warships , `` Interceptor '' -class frigates still provided enough firepower to intimidate civilian targets into surrendering .
starwars	There , he led the clone trooper crew that manned the Republic 's experimental IPV-2C Stealth Corvette and served under the command of Jedi General Anakin Skywalker and Admiral Wullf Yularen .
poke	The trainer thinks of choosing Mudkip or Treecko , so Ash encourages her to pick either one .
poke	Max realizes he made a mistake on the third one , so Brock tells the last one is a Wartortle .
poke	Xatu uses Reflect and Baltoy uses Confusion , lifting the rocks and crushing them .
starwars	A-series interceptors
starwars	Nonetheless , when Guther was a child , he did visit the outside of the mines , apparently not finding any Menahuun there .
poke	In the beginning the company pitched toy and cartoon ideas to various companies , as well as formed partnerships with companies such as Rankin Bass , among others .
poke	The heroes support Nicholai , but a mechanical arm , used by Meowth , grabs Pikachu .
starwars	Sagrillo
starwars	He was also aware that Sinde was trying to delay him long enough to allow the shuttle to leave .
muppet	Soon , the stamps on all the letters end up being worth the exact same amount as the costs to repair the theater , and Kermit decides to take The Muppet Show The Muppet Show Comic Book On the on the road , but can only afford to travel to four towns .
starwars	The book was followed by `` Tales from Jabba 's Palace '' and reprinted in the 1997 compilation book .
poke	The heroes go onwards and bid farewell to Eliza , who wishes May luck in her Contest .
muppet	Vic Rooney was an Australian actor who played Admiral Josbek in the Farscape episode `` Episode 108 That Old Black That Old Black Magic '' .
starwars	The Medal of Conspicuous Gallantry was an award given by the Empire to Imperial Navy pilots who distinguished themselves by serving above and beyond the call of duty .
poke	Team Rocket spots the lab as well , so James and Jessie think that their Pokémon would do well to breathe the smell .
starwars	They were freed by the smuggler later known as the Voidhound , an enemy of Rogun 's .
poke	As they are drinking juice , Brock asks May which Pokémon should she use in next Contest , but she has not yet decided .
muppet	Mona Piggy Muppet Babies
starwars	In addition , the Resistance 's allies in the Outer Rim were called on for reinforcements , but did not arrive .
poke	Meowth reminds them they are to be given to the boss , who would like having his bedroom decorated in gold and jewelry .
starwars	Shortly later , General Grievous arrived with battle droid reinforcements and drove Ventress away .
starwars	The riots claimed many lives , including that of Premiere Jan Dovu ; holo-footage of several robed bodies were transmitted over the HoloNet and the Jedi High Council confirmed that Dielle and the other Jedi were indeed dead .
poke	He begins to cry , wanting to have a Chimecho , but stops when he sees Jessie and Meowth are n't present .
poke	Max , Meowth and Pikachu climb the root , but Max sees they are barely halfway up .
muppet	I had forgotten that an `` Alphabet '' category already exists for articles about letters
muppet	Nothing wrong with being enthusiastic , and dont feel bad at all . Thanks , Stephanie , and sorry if I upset you !
poke	Since the Center is far away , Brock rides Shiftry , using its speed to go through the woods back to the Pokémon Center .
muppet	Abelardo is a green , Full-Bodied full-bodied Muppet parrot who appears on Plaza Sésamo , the Mexican Sesame co-production of Sesame Street . Abelardo , originally called Serapio Montoya , joined the cast in 1981 and soon became the shows most recognizable figure . He is four years old .
muppet	The Number of the Day
starwars	He oversaw many of the top secret military facilities across the galaxy where new weapon prototypes were being developed .
muppet	Damitz provided the voice of Pepe the King Pepe in the Muppets Tonight German dub of Muppets Tonight . He subsequently took over as Miss Piggy in several TV and DVD dubs , and resumed as Piggy only for The Muppets the dub of The Muppets the 2015 TV series . He also dubbed Mak Mak Wilsons Miscellaneous Cameos # Creature cameo in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the Ooze .
muppet	You can see in that picture the same trashcan and crate setting seen in episode 5 , and both characters were credited at the end of the episode . So the scene maybe was cut from the TV Land broadcast . MasterYoshi 1536 , April 16 , 2010
poke	Kimmy helps the heroes get the Poké Balls back before Team Rocket gets a hold of them and Linoone .
starwars	The duo informed Solo that Nodo had put a bounty on his head .
poke	Hearing Brock is a Breeder , Swampy offers him to see Mudkip hatching from eggs .
starwars	Urlik
muppet	In Mexico , Abelardo Montoya has appeared in Big Birds place .
poke	Max yells out and gains May 's attention , for she , Ash , Brock , Jessie and James see them from underneath the tunnel .
poke	The King of Tricks takes a swing , but warns if it is a wrong one , the rope would be too long and they could bash into a wall .
poke	The heroes arrive while James sends Cacnea , who hugs the former before using Pin Missile .
poke	The heroes realize Torkoal wanted to battle Steelix and ran off towards the sound Steelix was making .
starwars	Thera Markon
starwars	Located on Coruscant shortly before the Clone Wars and following the Second Galactic Civil War , the Mon Calamari Embassy was the official embassy of the planet of Mon Calamari .
muppet	The pilot script was written by Larry Gelbart and Gary Belkin , with Perry Lafferty directing .
starwars	Galactic Roundel
starwars	By 43.5 ABY , he had become an officer within Galactic Alliance Security , serving on the galactic capital of Coruscant .
poke	Brock , Ash and May shrug off the defeat and continue on their way , but Max is furious .
starwars	Rescued by Raynar Thul , the young Jedi who had been unconscious aboard the starship , but horrifically scarred , Welk , alongside his master , went on to create the Dark Nest Gorog among the insectoid Killiks , thus instigating the Dark Nest Crisis , before falling to Jedi Master Luke Skywalker 's blade in 35 ABY .
starwars	Rancisis had a plan , but he refused to share it with anyone , even Vos—if the CIS caught wind of it , victory on Saleucami would be nigh impossible .
starwars	As such , the Vice Chair 's role was essentially a hybridization of a Speaker of the Senate and a Vice Chancellorship .
starwars	Greg Pak is a writer who penned several `` Star Wars '' comic books , including the 2019 miniseries and the ongoing series `` Star Wars '' .
starwars	Later that year , both Galactic Battlegrounds and Clone Campaigns were released in a box set , Star Wars : Galactic Battlegrounds Saga .
poke	Tabitha explains they managed to learn their errors and limits of their plan and is also pleased to know they foiled Team Aqua 's plans .
muppet	Hi ! They figured out the problem with the preferences bug -- theyll release the fix tomorrow . ) --
poke	The men place Misty and Togepi in a zeppelin and lock the door so the other twerps ca n't enter .
starwars	Aunt Z placed bets on Kaz .
starwars	Fett had the landspeeder repainted to make it appear inconspicuous and outfitted it with nonstandard components , including weapons to assist him in his work .
muppet	`` The King of Eight '' was produced and directed by Henson during the formative years of Sesame Street and premiered during the Season 2 second season . The film utilized stop-motion animation , along with what appears to be some live puppetry , to bring the King and his kingdom to life . Don Sahlin and Kermit Love also contributed to the production .
muppet	The song resurfaced in Episode 2803 , sung by Bob , Maria , and Uncle Wally , in helping Telly Monster try to find forty parts of the body . Later , Telly and Baby Bear later sang this song in Episode 3796 . Elmo sings a version on the video Elmos World Elmo Has Two !
muppet	Brazil has played host to Vila Sésamo , a Sesame Street Sesame Street co-production which aired from 1972 until 1977 on TV Globo .
starwars	Aggadeen refused to tell them , Weapons Factory Alpha was the most heavily guarded base in the galaxy .
starwars	Through the power of the Force , he prevented the virus from lobotomizing the frontal lobes of his brain .
poke	Just before the end , James appears and cuts the rope and Team Rocket taunts the twerps .
starwars	After explaining what had transpired at the Temple , Teeseven accompanied the pair to the Temple 's backup surveillance station , and he was able to restore power to the systems in order to show Leneer recordings of the Temple 's fall .
starwars	The cell along with its collaborators would be captured , interrogated and executed , while the Naval Intelligence Agency created during the rise of the Empire would be folded back under Imperial Intelligence following the discovery that one of its leaders and member of the Joint Chiefs was conspiring with the rebels in hopes of destroying them and thus receiving a promotion .
poke	Team Rocket attempts to capture Pikachu , but are being blasted off by his attack .
muppet	The first Murray spots were born out of Joey Mazzarinos frustration with doing interview spots with Bernie Broccoli
starwars	The Grand Admiral , however , had other ideas .
muppet	Just wanted to tell you , aliens looks great ! Good breakdown , amusing writing . Excellent work !
muppet	And there were later Sesame Street LPs that were gatefold , but the other pocket was glued shut , like Sesame Disco . So they might have made that change when they pressed this cover , since it had the original number . Im guessing that this is an alternate version of the first edition , since its dated 1978 , and has the original catalog number . They only took out the pictures and removed the front cover text . Ive always wondered how long they kept this one in print , anyway . The 2-record version was dated 1981 , and renumbered , so they had time to go back and redo everything , although I still dont know why , if they were going to save money by removing the pictures , they bothered to press 2 records , and change the order of songs . Thats a lot of extra work they didnt have to do .
poke	After sailing through the cave , the heroes note how the City itself is quite beautiful .
starwars	However , she is not known to have appeared on the video game 's live servers as a proper .
poke	Drew claims Bulbasaur is undisciplined , but May , in order to prove him wrong , decides to enter the Contest with her Bulbasaur , then leaves off .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Street musicians page .
poke	Samantha and Mawile begin to perform , but Team Rocket appear to steal Mawile again .
starwars	He began his career in the organization of Jorj Car'das , where he moved quickly through the ranks to become one of Car'das 's top lieutenants .
poke	Torchic jumps , happy it won , then evolves into a Combusken , startling Ash and Max .
muppet	We should wait a while
poke	Rico 's Fearow uses Agility , while Arbok uses Poison Sting and Weezing Sludge .
starwars	They soon arrive at Ibaar and discover an Imperial blockade , led by Agent Kallus , is waiting for them .
starwars	Ewoks ambush stormtroopers with some stealing their blasters .
poke	Flannery shows the heroes the Heat Badges seeing she needs to be more organized .
poke	Michelle finds the remote control , telling they could control the jetpack if they come closer to it .
starwars	Ulic Qel-Droma and his companions then departed straightaway for the wilds of Onderon , in search of Galia and her Beast Rider kidnappers .
poke	As they are continuing , Brock states they are going to a spring , which is listed as one of top 100 famous .
starwars	However , the Alanciari had prepared for the Sith invasion for two thousand years .
starwars	Esroc was a thief operating in the Ord Mynock Freeport .
muppet	Elmo The Musical is an upcoming Sesame Street segment that will start airing in season 43 the 43rd season .
starwars	Most of the mining operations on those worlds were run by companies he had once inspected .
starwars	On Nez Peron , there was talk among the citizens of a Rebellion and an end to the Galactic Empire .
poke	A quick and easy setup ( involving your DS/DSi/3DS ) will be required before you start using PokéBuilder .
poke	Cacnea uses Pin Missile on Torkoal , damaging it , so May sends Skitty to fight .
muppet	Can anyone confirm if this is true before I start creating pages ?
poke	As the heroes continue going towards Petalburg City , Solrock stands at the spring .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 1642 , 24 July 2011
poke	Beautifly uses Hidden Power , and despite Chaz ordered to fly off , Venomoth got hit with the attack .
starwars	While a Human would go down quickly from T-289 , a Wookiee could still get in a few good swipes before finally passing out .
muppet	I played this game once too . A friend of mine had it . It certainly wasnt just programmed inside your school , though I dont know if it was an official licensed product . I dont remember it very well either -- but it DID exist . ( Although I seem to recall it being called `` Ernies Big Splash . '' -- User
starwars	`` Something strange is happening on the moon of Gyndine in the latest issue 's `` Star Wars : The Clone Wars '' comic strip adventure-squads of Battle droids are making terrified Republic clone troopers give in before shots are even fired .
poke	Nicholai asks is she 's afraid , making May upset , as she accepts the challenge .
starwars	Consumables to last a month were stored on board .
poke	Will they find it ... again , and how is it possible that a Spoink can balance a Wailmer on its head ?
muppet	The third , I * thought * was on the side of the truck . Clearly it isnt , at least in the movie , so Ill check to see if that too was Creature Feature , * or * I also used the storybook of the movie extensively .
muppet	While we appreciate your observation , please take no offense in considering that your personal interpretation cant be trusted in the context of crowd-sourced information-gathering coupled with fact-based research . Andrews done due-diligence in terms of providing the materials that prove the line is presented as otherwise . We often bring our own biases to these kinds of sensory perceptions and therefore have to rely on the source material as presented . Thanks again for bringing this up for discussion , but outside of any additional source elements , its clear that Andrews demonstration seals the deal .
muppet	This picture used to be on Miss Piggy Through the Years , cited as `` Radio 1 '' in 2007 . Does anyone know what that means ? It looks like they constructed a Muppet Show logo for her appearance . Scott
muppet	The Prairie Dogs can also be heard rehearsing the number in Episode 402 Crystal episode 402 .
poke	The Taillow join the heroes , displeasing Team Rocket , who think Pikachu may be too hungry to battle .
poke	Brock sees Ash has grown overconfident , but the latter states he 'll likely win , whoever he 'll face next .
starwars	`` The first original novel set in the world of `` Star Wars : The Mandalorian '' . ''
poke	Jessie removes the blanket , revealing Dustox , who goes on Jessie 's head , as Jessie realizes `` her Beautifly '' is really a Dustox .
starwars	Around 34 BBY , Maul was sent to Chryya to force the merchants of the planet 's spice business into signing an agreement with the Trade Federation .
starwars	Satisfied , the group let Aram free and traveled to Kashyyyk , where upon reaching the prison they were nearly captured by its defenses due to their lack of a password .
poke	Jessie announces to bring their newest Pokémon and sends Seviper out to fight , surprising the heroes it is the same one they encountered earlier .
starwars	The Wheel is located in the Abrion system and acts as a plot setting for several of the series ' episodes .
poke	Jessie is annoyed by him , but Meowth states they wo n't do anything if they fight all the time .
muppet	Sweetums was not featured often on the show but made some memorable appearances . He sang `` Cant Take My Eyes Off of You '' with Ruth Buzzi in episode 104 Ruth episode 104 , and `` They Cant Take That Away From Me '' with Nancy Walker in episode 206 Nancy episode 206 . In episode 223 John episode 223 , he performed a few bars of Ride of the Wagnerian opera as the Muppets tried to force John Cleese to sing `` The Impossible Dream . ''
poke	Drew claims they are just afraid of losing , making Ash upset , who starts yelling .
starwars	With the Temple in ruins and Coruscant no longer being a safe location , the Jedi High Council relocated its headquarters to Tython , thus making the planet once more the heart of the Order .
poke	Despite May 's efforts , Bulbasaur is frozen in fear and ignores May 's command .
starwars	Also , Cilghal informed him that New Republic General Wedge Antilles , who was in charge of the Borleias garrison , would not punish him for his spying ; in fact , Antilles would commend him .
muppet	`` Im Between '' is a Sesame Street song in which Tony who not only follow him anywhere he goes , but periodically push and squash him . He laments that not only is it the saddest thing hes ever seen , and that Bein its much easier being green .
poke	May sees them partying , so Oak thinks of a tactic involving Zubat and Bulbasaur .
starwars	Khai 's father , the Sith Saber Gavar Khai , owned a full personal collection of shikkars on Kesh .
starwars	C6-E3 attempted several times to convince his owners that the C7 unit should be shipped to maintenance , but as Vogga had little concern over the details of how the warehouse was ran , his requests were ignored .
poke	Jessie and James also argue as well for whose fault was for losing the last battle .
starwars	The government of the planet Katchan faced a popular uprising during the Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire , prompting the government to request relief troops to deal with the uprising from one of the galactic powers .
starwars	Comics work includes :
starwars	Unidentified Mustafarian bounty hunter
starwars	While Baash , Raam , and Yeppau struggled to hang the frozen body , Graballa acknowledged that his cousin Jabba often had the right idea .
muppet	What version of Superman did they use on Episode 0184 ? Animated , I would imagine , but was it a new style , or taken from one of the established versions ? -- Scott , Scarecroe 2259 , 28 April 2006
poke	May has Skitty use Assist , which turns into String Shot , binding the Magnemite .
poke	To help them out , Ash sends Corphish , Torkoal and Grovyle , who use Bubble Beam , Flamethrower and Bullet Seed .
muppet	`` Me and My Potato '' is a Muppet Babies Muppet Babies song from the episode `` Episode 103 The Great Muppet Sport-A-Thon / You Say Potato , I Say Best You Say Potato , I Say Best Friend . ''
poke	The scientists tell Kennedy , the president 's assistant , sometimes troubles the president with certain things .
poke	May is in trouble , not knowing what to do , while Timmy hopes for a swift victory .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- GonzosNoze Talk ) 2011-01-24T001928
starwars	The NRSF continued operations until the New Republic was dissolved and replaced by the Galactic Federation of Free Alliances in 28 ABY .
muppet	Looking over that scene , Ill bet most of the people leaving the museum are either Sesame people or relatives . We already have Caroline Kennedy , for example .
starwars	The task force was formed to perform a mission to attack a Separatist base on a planetoid in the Ando system .
poke	Drew approaches Savannah and helps her stand up , thanking for such a good battle .
poke	Solrock and Lunatone use Psychic , but fail , as the titanium cages reflect their attacks back to Solrock and Lunatone .
muppet	It was a deleted scene , and you can probably find it on YouTube somewhere . Which I can provide a link to when I find it , since you dont have YouTube ... (
starwars	In the opening scene of `` Before the Storm '' , the squadron splits into three-plane units referred to in the narrative as `` groups '' or `` flights '' , but only three named sub-units are mentioned , Red Flight , Green Flight , and Black Flight .
starwars	Almazan began with the idea that the Sith structure was both an tomb and a prison for the dead , and the basic shapes of the building 's hallways were intended to convey power and resilience .
starwars	There , they would be educated and trained as `` loyal '' Arkadianate subjects .
starwars	Nightswan regarded Thrawn 's solution as logical but cold-blooded .
muppet	Additional celebrities were reported to have filmed cameos for the movie , including Liza Minnelli
muppet	The Ojo-lympics is a 2000 Bear in the Big Blue House storybook based on episode 208 The a season 2 episode . Ojo is having difficulty trying to decide what sport to play . She gets the idea to host her very own version of the Olympic Olympics called the `` Ojo-lympics . '' Soon , all of the kids in the Big Blue House are in involved in the games . Each choose their own activity , except for Tutter , who trains for them all . Bear tells Tutter that he doesnt have to be good everything , but it turns out that Tutter is worried there isnt anything hes good at .
poke	With May 's first Pokémon Contest in Slateport City being over , Ash , Brock , May and Max decide to stay in the city one more day .
muppet	The New York Public Library for the Performing Arts , located in the plaza , housed two Muppet exhibits over the years . In 1979 , the library was home to the `` The Art of the Muppets Art of the Muppets '' exhibit . Years later , a Sesame Street exhibit , `` Somebody Come and Play Somebody Come and Play 45 Years of Sesame Street Helping Kids Grow Smarter , Stronger , and Kinder , '' ran from September 2014 to January 2015 .
starwars	Nevertheless , not only is it likely that the term is employed colloquially without regard for Revan 's specific rank ( as part of the byplay that takes place during the initial conversations with the Jedi Council ) , but also because Revan had been trained to the level of Jedi Knight before , as was revealed later in the game .
starwars	After being forced into serving in the Mora Infantry , Ebenn somehow wound up in the `` employ '' of the Hutts , who enlisted him in the Koong Wars for their own designs .
muppet	A rack in MTI ; theres also one in the Episode 323 Lynn Lynn Redgrave episode , only there the torture comes in having to do it to Gonzo .
muppet	Writer Louise Gikow called the Noodles `` a dynasty of mimes , ... in the tradition of great silent film comedians like Charlie Chaplin , Buster Keaton , and Harold Lloyd '' .
muppet	The television special , Tony Bennett Celebrates 90 The Best Is Yet to Come featured a guest appearance by Miss Piggy alongside Don Rickles and Regis Philbin .
muppet	Can you please upload the screenshots of the closing signs for episodes 56 , 115 , 123 , 1257 , 1261 , and 1285 ? Thanks ! -- User
starwars	During Boss Gallo 's efforts to unite the Gungan villages and defeat Boss Rogoe , Otoh Urs was led by Boss Copek and the town included a Command center .
poke	Brock notes even if a Pokémon acts differently upon evolving , it still likes their trainer a lot .
starwars	Before it ever left the docks , however , this successor vessel was destroyed by a Jedi Knight .
muppet	Another skeleton appears to briefly sing with Alice Cooper in `` Welcome to My Nightmare '' from Episode 307 Alice episode 307 of The Muppet Show .
muppet	I was wondering what you all would think about including articles about each individual story from this book series . I also think that we should make a pae for Jim Hensons Muppet Stories , which reprints stories from this series . -- User Minor muppetz 1502 , 23 November 2006
poke	Ash encourages Treecko to use the attack a second time , causing Treecko in succeeding to destroy the basket where watermelons are .
muppet	We Are All Earthlings is an album collecting Sesame Street songs with an environmental or world unity theme . The album was dedicated to Richard Hunt , who died in 1992 .
poke	Jessie still continues to her plan ; they 'll pull the others down and get their Poké Balls , along with Pikachu .
poke	The fourth time Sealeo launches Ice Ball causes Pikachu and Corphish to get hit , while Ash did not expect that Sealeo to use the attack at a rapid pace .
starwars	Moore is part of Nym 's Theme Park , a series of quests for Nym and his pirates .
muppet	I added your name to the Community portal -- I dont know your last initial , so I put `` Rani C '' for Chaerani . If you want to change that to your actual initial , feel free . --
starwars	Loiric Kaan was the Supreme Commander of the `` Yammka 's Mount '' , the flagship of Warmaster Nas Choka during the Yuuzhan Vong 's assault on Mon Calamari .
muppet	For a long time I thought the episode numbers for the first season were complete , but then I noticed that in `` Inference and Casualty '' it lists Bobs `` What happens next ? '' game as only appearing in Episode 0015 , while that same segment also appeared in Episode 0043
muppet	I know theres a cassette version of this song , as posted http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=npXXSgTxPOU
poke	As James removes the glass case , Spoink uses psychic powers to place the blue pearl on its head and bounce out the window , which surprises Team Rocket how nimble it is .
starwars	Pinurquians were a species of horned humanoids active in the galaxy .
starwars	In the hands of Milo and Lina Graf , the `` Star Herald '' saw much action in the days of the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	The alternate designation of battle cruiser was also used for some ships in the same size brackets .
poke	Mudkip tackles the bag , freeing Mudkip , allowing Pikachu to use Thunderbolt to blast Team Rocket away .
poke	The women think May 's a prodigy , making Ash frustrated , since he is working hard on earning Gym Badges .
starwars	This and other evidence pointed to Celchu , and he was branded a traitor .
poke	The woman understands now , and has a similar problem : she was going to redecorate the mansion , but objects levitate , doors are being opened and closed .
muppet	Also not strictly an autobiographical issue . See Sesame Street A Celebration - 40 Years of Life on the Street . I dont think shortening that would help in the least .
starwars	Vader arrived at Lee-Char 's Royal Command Bunker and killed his guards .
poke	Serena points out Corphish did take both hits , but it did half the damage , since Corphish is a Water-type Pokémon .
starwars	`` Take your sandwich game to the next level with Star Wars–shaped sandwich cutters !
poke	Romeo 's Pokémon takes back his Pokémon , but he thinks the show will be a disaster .
starwars	It made one full orbit five times a day , or once every 4.8 hours .
starwars	Fromm was ambitious and had plans to increase the Fromm Gang 's power and secure their place among the galaxy 's most powerful gangs .
poke	Team Rocket plans on redecorating the room , so Giovanni expects them to report back once the process is done and logs out .
poke	Serena appears , saying that even if he might not be a judge or a trainer , he is still kind .
poke	They are bewildered Spoink lost the pearl , twice , and this time it is underwater .
poke	May 's Pokémon try the berries and do n't find it delicious , except Beautifly .
poke	Seviper and Cacnea repeat their attacks , but Skitty and Johnny use Blizzard together .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but the robot is too far away for Pikachu to electrocute it .
starwars	Though the woman feigned ignorance , one of Terex 's stormtroopers managed to track down Dameron tracker .
poke	Suddenly , Mr. Moore hides , hearing some of his friends coming , who wonder how far Mr. Moore went to and what poetry did he write .
poke	As everyone is distracted , Team Rocket steals Flannery 's Torkoal , but are caught by the judge .
starwars	Desert Starlight
starwars	In 33 ABY , Drutch was still with the 291st , though the Empire had been replaced with the Imperial Remnant , and she had a set of memoirs documenting her life .
starwars	Around the year 3 BBY , an Inquisitor named the Eighth Brother tracked Maul to Malachor .
muppet	And youll like this . Most of the cameo roles were dubbed by actors used as guest stars on Die Muppet Show , but * not * dubbing the same parts . Two exceptions Mogens von Gadow as Dom DeLuise and Holger Hagen as Bob Hope .
starwars	It was from this emotional experience that Dengar was finally able to work with the Rebel Alliance by assisting in the evacuation of the Aruzans from their world , freeing them of their Imperial tormentors .
muppet	The special was taped in late August 1970 at CFTO Toronto .
muppet	Saklad was assigned the task of creating the look of many of the locations in The Muppets , including Smalltown , USA . Saklad described the town as a `` parallel universe '' which has `` a bit of Norman Rockwell , a bit of classic , Small Town , USA , look to it . ''
poke	Max thinks the same way about May , so May goes to hit him , but seeing this could get violent , she stops the attack .
poke	Ash replies to be the best , one must beat the best and wonders what other Pokémon Winona may use in the battle .
muppet	Im turning in , and may not be as active on the Wiki this week due to some presentations and stuff
muppet	Is the on-wiki notification being modified ? I dont think people are seeing the speech bubble version .
starwars	Meanwhile , Candra Kitai endured two weeks of force labor , shoveling uvak manure in an uvak exhibit facility in Tahv that her daughter called `` the zoo . ''
poke	They encounter Mary and Ken and play dumb , saying they are going to Camerupt Point where they 'll have a Moon party there .
muppet	just click on the 1
muppet	Where did you get all the pictures from Little Mermaids Island ? Rankin
poke	Max and Ash scold Snorunt , but the latter uses Icy Wind on Ash 's hat and Max 's glasses and puts them back , freezing them .
muppet	Beginning his on-camera career in the 1950s , Blackwell appeared in TV adaptations of Robin Hood and Treasure Island , and the 1991 film Robin Hood Prince of Thieves , plus episodes of The Avengers , Z Cars , and Dixon of Dock Green .
muppet	John Adam is an Australian actor who played several characters in the Farscape series . With one exception , they all involved creature suits or prosthetics .
starwars	However , these devices operated on a lesser scale and were only capable of temporarily slowing or incapacitating opponents .
starwars	Bureau of Diplomatic Liaison
poke	Learning these two are duo of Gym Leaders , Ash is surprised he has to fight them in a Double Battle .
starwars	A B1 battle droid served in the droid army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars .
muppet	In 2003 , Toy Play released various sizes of Muppet Babies plush 10 inch , beanie size , clip-ons , and 24 inch . The 10 inch set came packaged with a single , uncut and complete episode from the series on DVD , as well as a few previews , including one for Kermits Swamp Years .
starwars	Taking the pilot 's advice , he resolves to trust his dreams and not to give up hope .
poke	May sees the forest around the Center is beautiful , while Max hopes Nurse Joy would point out where the spots to find rare Pokémon are .
muppet	The MOMI website says its coming `` in 2016 , '' so that needs to be updated . Somebody on the TP forum wrote this
starwars	However , the Empire was determined to not allow the scientists to fall into Rebel hands , going so far as attempting to destroy the shuttles before they could be boarded .
poke	Max and May warn Ash their father is a tough opponent , but Ash points out he did get stronger as well and is excited to go to Petalburg City .
starwars	During the Battle of Corellia in 3641 BBY he commanded a wing of bombers that assisted Havoc Squad during their assault on the Bastion .
poke	James and Jessie are skeptical , but change their opinions when they see the rods turned .
starwars	At Bright Tree Village , Logray examines Deej as the others describe the strange fungus .
poke	After a while , Brock notices that the boat has been out of gas and there is no radio , either .
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1758 , 14 February 2006
poke	Team Rocket gains their consciousness , but they do n't see Wobbuffet anywhere .
poke	Flareon attacks with Flamethrower , but the attack is negated by Bulbasaur 's Razor Leaf , making Savannah praise Bulbasaur even more .
starwars	Rogue Squadron flew cover for a T-65R reconnaissance X-wing as it scouted the system .
muppet	Would Fozzie as The Cowardly Lion count ? Hes not exactly `` impersonating '' a lion , seeing as hes supposed to BE a lion . But Id say it fits . --
poke	While on their journey across Izabe Island , Ash and his friends meet a girl named Samantha , who performs her ribbon dance in various towns , and her Mawile , who develops a crush on Brock 's Lombre .
starwars	The next major action she participated in was Operation Trinity , where she and the Twins Suns again flew under the command of General Antilles .
poke	Skitty uses Blizzard and Houndoom counters with Flamethrower , so Skitty is affected by the flames and is knocked away .
poke	Meanwhile , Geodude uses Rock Throw , but Pikachu uses Quick Attack to evade the rocks .
poke	Both Pokémon are beginning to be tired , so Grovyle and Treecko use Bullet Seed , but Treecko fails at one moment and gets hit .
muppet	There is currently a Christmas Merchandise Page and a Christmas Toy Page and there is strange crossover between the two . I believe that the Christmas Toy Page should be deleted and the contents moved to the Christmas Merchandise page but Im new here so Im opening it up to discussion . Codename7 0614 , 15 January 2009
starwars	In a few cases , gauntlets held specific heavy weapons or had other utilities ( medical , demolitions ) .
starwars	It was written by Alexander Freed and the first issue was published by Dark Horse Comics on December 5 , 2012 .
poke	The electricity is cut and the group of people enter the Center , demanding from Alden to guide them through the ruins .
starwars	If the planet had value , the Imperial Military was called in , often with Redesign 's assistance .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2243 , February 10 , 2010
muppet	Why do we need this category , when we already have Muppet Monsters ? --
muppet	HENSON Thats why its such an easy decision to make . On Broadway theres nothing really new , only revivals of old shows because of the `` safety factor . ''
muppet	Hey , thanks for the welcome . Im very new to this Wiki thing so Im not real certain how to link things , the titles should be linked in the Somebody Come and Play on a Rainy Day page but I could not figure how . Also , I can provide pictures of two of the Japanese local cds , the third I mentioned is one I dont have yet but will soon . Are there any record pages that need info or pictures ? I have almost all the Sesame Street albums ! Just let me know . -- Enelar 18 October 2007
poke	Ash is confident , as they go back to Petalburg City to challenge Norman , promising he wo n't lose .
muppet	Thanks for catching that . After I got done with the article , I realized I had screwed it up , and when I went back to start changing it , you already had everything all moved and fixed . HUZZAH ! You are now Gobo to my Red . --
starwars	Wishing to rescue Qin from the New Republic , he formed a team of mercenaries .
poke	This pleases Max , who hugs Mightyena and is glad to have seen Mightyena 's evolution .
muppet	Gong Xi Gong Xi . The song , which celebrates the arrival of spring , was written in 1945 , at the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War . It has since become a Chinese New Year standard . Other English titles for the song include `` Congratulations '' and `` Happiness To You . ''
starwars	Toka ( disambiguation )
poke	Romeo claims he and Juliet are close since they were children , but May explains even old friends can fall in love .
muppet	What happened to this page ? —
starwars	By the age of 96 , he had become a Jedi Master .
starwars	Umbriss 's estate has its first and only mention alongside its owner in the video game `` '' , which features an in-game Codex .
poke	Ash asks is Timmy studying to become a trainer , but this upsets Timmy 's mother .
poke	Claydol goes to a dead end as well , so it uses Hyper Beam to make a hole so it can pass .
starwars	A Love-Wallop pill was a pill that could be slipped into a drink in order to more easily seduce the drinker .
poke	He crashes a tree , but continues performing , but is tackled by another Donphan .
starwars	The gas giant also had numerous moons .
muppet	Agent Cody Banks 2 Destination London . TV credits include Red Dwarf .
muppet	On vacation until the 13th . Behave ! —
muppet	Of course , that still leaves the Pitchman Pumps and Cloverland Cloverland Cow mysteries , heh .
starwars	When Wing Commander Poe Dameron informed them about Snoke 's fate before destroying the `` Fortitude '' , the Maxima-A class heavy cruiser which they commanded , two of Barrut 's crewmen believed that Hux had taken Snoke 's role as Supreme Leader , only for Barrut to refuse to believe Dameron 's claims , dismissing them as lies .
muppet	Pages like Arabs though or Bull dont need it at all . Admittedly this is a mostly overlooked category anyway , but it would be nice to make it actually useful and less of a dumping ground .
starwars	Enaq appears in `` The Merciful One , '' a conversation-mission for the Jedi Knight-class companion character Kira Carsen in `` '' , a video game released in 2011 by BioWare .
poke	This 'M is extremely similar to a specific variant of MISSINGNO. , and is mostly harmless .
poke	The following day , Taillow and Peeko pull Ash and Pikachu , who stand on a can , gaining Sharpedo 's attention .
starwars	Zatec-Cha was then imprisoned for his treason , his chances of becoming king forever lost .
starwars	Maul , forming a Shadow Collective , attempted to rally the Black Sun to their cause .
starwars	Crix Madine tells her he 's dead .
poke	Team Rocket plans on stealing the fragrances , but Meowth finds Skitty and falls in love with her .
poke	Team Rocket is wandering and are hungry , but Jessie 's Wobbuffet spots Gulpin leaving , who ate the PokéBlock .
starwars	As a result of the speech , the crowd erupted into a patriotic fervor and began chanting `` Die like Sith . ''
muppet	Undoubtedly , my design could be improved . I think it is something that could be worked from , though . And yes , I could have asked first , but I decided to Wikipedia bold in updating be bold and make it happen first so that you could see what I had in mind . - )
poke	Outside the Contest Hall , Mrs. Grimm and Tommy exit the car to watch the Contest .
muppet	How would people feel about splitting this category into 2 categories ? Keep Album Appearances for albums with actual Muppet audio appearances - either new stuff , like the Muppets on My Christmas or Elmo on A Rosie Christmas A Rosie Christmas ; or compilations with actual Muppet recordings , like A Classic Cartoon Christmas or Letters to Santa Letters to Santa . And then create Cover Albums for albums with no actual Muppet appearances
poke	Hearing Torchic 's outcry , the heroes arrive , seeing the Pokémon - Seviper - is threatening Torchic .
starwars	As a reward , Tarkin sent Xux to his secret research center , the Maw Installation , where she would work with famed engineer Bevel Lemelisk developing weaponry for the Empire .
poke	She hears Torchic , who found a Bluk Berry on a tree , which is on a lone cliff .
poke	This causes Corphish to stop and becomes asleep , making Mr. Moore see Flannery has the upper hand .
muppet	Christine is first seen in `` Episode 126 Friends for Friends for Life . '' Ojo notices that she hangs around the Otter Pond , but is shy and runs away when anyone approaches her . She gets some carrots from Bears refrigerator and pretty soon , theyre friends . In this episode , Christine is known only as `` rabbit '' -- - her name is not given until later in the series .
muppet	I was wondering if anyone had any copies of the episodes on videotape so that we would be able to lift a list of performers . I think I remember reading in Bill Barettas bio that he was one of the puppeteers . Theatrefreak25 0452 , 26 March 2009
muppet	After a five-year absence from productions , Robin returned in A Muppets Christmas Letters to Santa , as performed by Matt Vogel . Robin also made a silent cameo in the film The Muppets The Muppets , which is referenced in his brief speaking appearance in the sequel Muppets Most Wanted .
muppet	A therapist counsels Meepzorp and Mr. President in a preview shown for `` Independence Day Co-Dependence Day CD4 '' in Muppets Tonight Episode 202 Rick episode 202 .
starwars	However , Skywalker escaped on Single Trooper Aerial Platforms with the help of mercenary Bera Kazan .
muppet	I was wondering after watching Episode 4107 and Episode 4108 , correct me if Im wrong , but is Caroll Spinney performing Big Bird when he is big and Matt Vogel performing Big Bird , when he becomes small ? I notice the voice of Big Bird changes and was wondering if they switch from Caroll Spinney to Matt Vogel on Big Bird ? When Big Bird was big , his voice is similar to Caroll Spinneys Big Bird , but when he became little , his voice was high like Matt Vogels Big Bird when he did Journey to Ernie . I wanted to know before I mention it here in notes . Rocket Stevo 1949 , 16 April 2008
poke	Pikachu , according to Meowth , tells Team Rocket it ai n't over till it 's over .
poke	Hal feels the Trapinch is going to the underground lake to evolve , but Elisa has her doubts .
poke	However , the ceremony , which is to be held tomorrow in the temple , would make Sara the heir to the throne , but Sara is not so successful , for the ceremony can not start without Togepi 's presence .
muppet	I added all of the eggs I could find . Ive looked through the other discs and I couldnt find anymore , but hopefully there are others ! -SarahOnBway
poke	Jessica is annoyed she lost and her Dustox drops the machine , allowing everybody to see they cheated .
muppet	Thanks ! ! --
muppet	I had added reference tags in order to cite some claims were not simply derived from examining the source material . The information came from outside sources and could not be verified by another reader that goes and explores the DxD site . Other readers should be able to verify the information in the article , especially behind-the-scenes information . The claims that I felt needed sourcing were
poke	Jacuzzi presses a button , causing the PokéBlock to fly away , so do the Gulpin as well .
poke	He becomes more and more furious , but the Pokémon `` steals '' his anger and disappears .
poke	Inside the helicopter , Team Aqua 's commander , Shelly , orders her team to start their operation .
starwars	They were mentioned in the article `` Alien Encounters , '' which was written by Brian Smithson and later republished in a reduced form in the book `` Alien Encounters '' in 1998 , a compilation by Paul Sudlow of all the `` Alien Encounters '' articles with other material .
poke	The heroes explain they climbed the waterfall so they can train , surprising Swampy .
starwars	During the Clone Wars , the Citadel , a high-security prison on the planet Lola Sayu controlled by the Confederacy of Independent Systems , used thermal scanners to prevent security breaches from people sneaking in aboard starships that delivered supplies there .
muppet	We just started looking at this today , so were still testing out the concept . To do that , I added some code to Template which turns the ISBN field into an Amazon affiliate link . So thats up on our book pages right now , if you want to try it out .
poke	However , Milotic seems undamaged and uses Iron Tail , so Swellow projects illusions of itself with Double Team .
muppet	Phil LaMarr .
muppet	Do we know for certain that the Sesame Street version came first ? Our first recorded Sesame Street episode with `` Mah Na Mah Na '' is in the second season . And if it didnt air in the first 25 or so episodes , then the Ed Sullivan Show performance would have come first
poke	Thus , her mum , Caroline , mistook her for a Tentacool , so threw a Poké Ball to catch her .
poke	Since there are three hours until the Contest starts , proposes to search for a restaurant nearby , since Ash 's hungry from all the running .
muppet	In June 2009 , Edwards wrote about the continuing delays in getting the project greenlighted
muppet	I got this information from the CTW archives , and theres a couple sketches that I dont recognize . One is Ernie and Bert talking about the letter Z . The other is just referred to as `` Berts nose '' . Its not the `` two noses '' sketch from the pilot ; thats also mentioned in the same document as a separate sketch . Does anyone recognize either of these ? --
poke	James , Ash and Brock run away from the Aron and climb into a tunnel , where the Aron can not climb onto , who simply enter another tunnel .
starwars	Billibango was a male Xexto from Troiken who supported the Galactic Republic during the final decades of the Republic Classic era .
starwars	Thrawn and Parck remained in the Unknown Regions to continue their work , but Thrawn , by this point a Grand Admiral , remained in contact with the mainstream Empire and had some degree of cooperation with Ysanne Isard , Palpatine 's eventual successor .
poke	Drake is impressed by Ash 's skills and invites the heroes to his boat , where Ash will have the battle with him .
muppet	The Jimmy Dean Show Rowlf the Rowlf meets Lassie , and acts in a scene with her . He calls for help , and she shows off her jumping and acting skills .
starwars	The major insisted that the cargo container not be opened by any of the hunters before he and Fett 's crew boarded the subtram and began their journey towards the fortress .
muppet	I remember one scene they showed that involved Bob and a girl playing a piano . And behind the piano , Oscar slowly sunk up watching them , and he was seen wearing what appears to be a detective outfit
starwars	The alien informant known as `` Eyes '' operated out of the Jade Simian .
poke	While Ash and Pikachu wash their faces , from water Brock 's Lotad has been carrying on its head , Max and May brush their teeth , while Brock starts cooking breakfast .
starwars	Kyle retrieves the disc but is then caught up in his father 's , and the old Jedi Qu Rahn 's , wishes of him becoming a Jedi and to prevent any harm to befall the Valley of the Jedi .
muppet	I noticed that you put a citation needed note in the Jerry Nelson page , wodnerign where his semi-retirement was announced . While I dont know , I remember that I first read about his semi-retirement on your website , in late-2004/ early-2005 , long before you started having other people write articles on your site . I dont know if this will help you remember where the news came from . I hope this will help you remember . -- User Minor muppetz 1844 , 18 August 2008
muppet	http//disney.go.com/muppets/ ? cmp=wdsmp_mup_url_muppets # /gallery
starwars	At the time , the Empire speculated that their plans for conquering Corellia would be at an end if not for the Junction 's rocket trams .
poke	Brock begins to explain her that they got in and saw the door scratched , but then begins to go with his flirting scheme , so May pulls his ear .
poke	May states it will be fine spots Savannah , being very nervous she 's going to perform .
poke	Nevertheless , Franklin notices May is independent and self-sufficient , making her blush .
muppet	A walk-around version of Oscar the Grouch blows a whistle , which makes full-bodied versions of Bert , Betty Lou , Count von Count , Grover , Big Bird and Cookie Monster all wonder where the sound of a whistle blowing was coming from . Online Sesamestreet.org 12161ae4-e631-491f-aca5-a748e62c9bfa } } } }
starwars	The fanblade fighter 's fuselage was gray in color , with the cockpit situated at the front and encased in a clear glass dome .
poke	Brock tells he heard stories that Clefairy and Starmie are from outer space , but is concerned for what it did on villagers , including Nurse Joy .
poke	After using Pikachu to scare the Pokémon away , the Fire-type hears a noise , also scaring it off .
muppet	Henson became sick with an extremely rare bacterial infection in May 1990 that , unfortunately , was discovered too late for him to receive proper treatment . Jim Henson died at 121 a.m. on Wednesday May 16 , 1990 , only about 20 hours after checking himself into the Emergency Room at New York Hospital , not realizing how sick he really was . Some reports say that it was a bacteria-based pneumonia , but in fact it was an internal version of the so-called flesh-eating bacteria , related to staph and strep , which is particularly virulent and can kill its victims within 48 hours .
muppet	Is there a way to hide it from readers ? I really think we should be thinking about keeping the wiki looking tidy .
muppet	Hey babe -- That Thermos ad pic is cool for the lunchbox page , but I dont know if we need it on Scooby-Doo , Peanuts , etc . They happen to be included in the same ad , but thats just because the Thermos product line also included those other characters . In the same way , the back of 70s Golden Books showed the Sesame characters with Bugs Bunny , etc . Yknow ? --
poke	Ash tells that is old and Pikachu uses Thunder , followed by Exploud 's Hyper Voice to blast them off .
poke	May wonders about Ash 's strategy , but Brock and Max suspect Ash has no strategy .
poke	Timmy cheers for Dusclops , while Mrs. Grimm is surprised , as Tommy shows how this was a great battle .
starwars	Later Sifo-Dyas would find the pair buried under the rubble of the Great Assembly after a groundquake caused it to collapse .
muppet	In a Season 29 Season 29 episode Oscar sang `` Grouches Love Trash '' a variation of this song to his niece Irvine the Irvine . In Episode 3891 his old friend Felix the Grouch sang a variation called `` I Love Cleaning '' while Oscar sang I Love Trash . Yet another variation occurs when Oscars trash can was grown to a larger size and the lyrics were adjusted to accomodate .
poke	In truth , Jessie and James , from their balloon , have Meowth disguised as a Volbeat , who swings the rope .
muppet	Like none } }
muppet	I wasnt quite sure what to call this spot , since The Ad Council is really the producer rather than the client/topic . But I keep finding conflicting labels for this at the Museum of Broadcasting Database , like `` Eating Healthy '' or `` Nutritional Programming , '' so this seemed the best label . If anyone can find anything more precise , without just making something up , feel free to change it . For now anyway , the whole spot is also on dead link YouTube . --
muppet	Muppet * Vision 3D , an elaborate attraction featuring a 3D film with animatronics and in-theater effects , was introduced in Walt Disney World in 1991 . Although it had been rumored to become a part of the Mickeys Toontown section of Disneyland and later a replacement for the Great Moments with Abraham Mr. Lincoln show ,
poke	Aside from being fun , Brock tells them that the different physical laws can make a difference in battle , which the trainers should aim to perfect their skills .
starwars	Waals was part of a squad of Thaerian spies , who operated on the planet Cularin .
muppet	Nearly all of these segments were not aired in the US as part of The Muppet Show during its original run except for two due to the `` running time '' of Episode 301 Kris Kristofferson
poke	May wonders if the King of Tricks has hit the wall too many times , but Alanna is confident he 's just nuts .
poke	Shroomish begin to revolt while Team Rocket eats their apples and belittles them .
poke	Brock knows that housework is a hard job , while Ash compliments him for being successful in those kind of jobs .
poke	May has offered to show Ash the way in exchange for his company to Oldale Town—which is only fair , seeing as Pikachu destroyed May 's bike when it was sick !
starwars	ORO was a ruthless company that sometimes performed illegal activities ; federal police and the Jedi Order were not welcome on their planets .
starwars	Losing patience , Arcann ordered Vaylin to bombard one inhabited world in five sectors each , hoping to either lure the Outlander out of hiding or give someone else an incentive to reveal their whereabouts .
muppet	Did you create Template ? I think I read somewhere you had some help . I have many ideas for this template . I would like to be able to adjust the size , too . It is too compressed now . Too much overlap of stuff .
starwars	590 BBY was also the same as 410 after the Ruusan Reformation , and 555 before the Great ReSynchronization ( BrS ) , a year-notation system established in 35 BBY .
starwars	Captain Tolvan and her troops then depart on a `` Lambda '' -class shuttle .
poke	Along with the help of a local ranger , Morita , May spends time with Swablu , who recovers and heals its wing .
starwars	The Enclave was left ruined and pillaged by the Sith who took with them holocrons that revealed the locations of other secret academies .
poke	Meowth suggests that they give the boss a hot spring , for he can relax in a snowstorm , after being angered by his incompetent underlings , which makes them think they 'll earn a raise .
poke	Wobbuffet goes out of its Poké Ball and it performs a stand-up comedy with Lombre , albeit a bad one .
starwars	She said that even though she had other handmaidens , she wanted her .
poke	Arbok and Weezing turn around and see Jessie , James and Meowth attack Tyranitar , but end up getting even more hurt by its attacks .
starwars	After release , the developers continued working on the features cut during the delay .
starwars	They remained fiercely loyal to their leader , who was drowned by Darth Maul in 33 BBY .
muppet	From http//www.toughpigs.com/kathy-mullen-1/ a 2013 interview with Kathryn Kathy Mullen by Tough Pigs
muppet	In October of 2017 , Miranda appeared in videos celebrating Puerto Rico on https//twitter.com/elmo/status/916407997584302081 Elmo and https//twitter.com/Sesamo/status/922559698401943553 Sesamos Twitter feeds .
muppet	And yeah , wow . What a great observation . He must be the first LP , yeah ?
poke	James wants to go away , but Jessie reminds Meowth and James they can still capture Groudon .
poke	Hearing they need to run for hours before stopping , Jessie and Meowth see this was a bad idea , although James has not lost his enthusiasm .
poke	Since they have no money , the Magikarp salesman takes the Spoink pearl for the Feebas .
starwars	X-7 disobeyed Soresh and set out on his own to kill Skywalker .
muppet	Sesamstraat Writers wasnt a breakout but its own thing , because Paul did that for nearly every Sesamstraat category . Right now , all other international writers are in Production Crew , which is too small or involves a lot of job overlap to be worth subcatting the moment .
muppet	How much information are we allowed to add about shows that arent muppet shows , but have a related connection . For example , if the mood struck me to add detailed information about Book of Pooh or Its a Big Big World , could I , or is it preferred to only have basic information about those sorts of shows ? -- George Agent0042
muppet	Isnt there a poster advertising Big Bird on the Muppet Shows backstage set ? I havent seen the full version , only parts of it in scenes , but theres a replica for the Backstage Playset advertising an `` 8 foot tall yellow canary . '' -- MuppetDude 1549 , 7 May 2009
poke	However , there is no rain , making Mary wonder what 's the point in all of this .
poke	After May scans Togepi with her PokéDex , they learn the Togepi becomes exhausted if it touches a person 's impure heart .
muppet	I moved everything to the WSP page , so we dont need this page anymore . Thanks ! --
muppet	Hi , Tom ! I miss you around here ! Thanks for starting the page on the NBC Pipes . Thats one of my favorite bits in Henson history . --
poke	May wants to know why Harley lied to her , but Harley claims she should 've studied her opponents .
starwars	The Jedi team then returned to the Jedi Praxeum on Yavin 4 , having successfully retrieved both Krimsan 's holocron and Obi-Wan Kenobi 's lightsaber .
starwars	Wielding shaft and saber in either hand , Sinube proceeded to battle Cryar with both parts , parrying several of her ripostes with his lightsaber before using the cane extension like a cudgel and striking Cryar in the head with it .
muppet	Chuchu Fraggle appeared in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 317 Playing Till It Playing Till It Hurts . '' Chuchu has extremely large , yellow teeth , which are knocked out in the course of the episode .
muppet	Elmo Turns Green Being Green Being Green is a new Sesame Street home video planned for release in April . Paul Rudd guest stars as `` Mr. Earth '' , who hosts the first Earth-a-Thon on Sesame Street to celebrate the environment . Abby Cadabby tries to help Elmo become more `` green '' -- but accidentally changes his color .
poke	Treecko becomes quite tired , so Treecko uses Quick Attack , but Makuhita damages Treecko badly via Vital Throw .
starwars	She also increased the role and reach of the Mandalorians , whom she brought into the Galactic Alliance as elite security operatives and intelligence specialists .
starwars	The Warren was the only super transport owned by Jatayus Outbound .
poke	After seeing no opponents fit to battle Poochyena , Max spots a strange machine .
muppet	In TV movies , Bach played Alexander Graham Bell in The Sound and the Silence and appeared in the 1997 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea , The Lost World , Time Trax , Minor TV Mentions # The Ray Bradbury The Ray Bradbury Theater , and Snowy River The McGregor Saga , as well as a starring role as the title character in the New Zealand detective series Duggan .
starwars	A Stage Backdrop Generator was a type of generator that changed the environment in one 's home to resemble another location .
poke	Brock sends Ludicolo , who dances with Max again , and Elisa calls Meganium out .
muppet	Weve filed bugs for the Main Page redirect , the category redirect showing related pages , and the category width . Special has been replaced with Special but I want them to force a redirect for convenience .
starwars	The Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders were an ancient group of Mandalorian warriors .
muppet	In fact some time ago somebody posted a behind-the-scenes image from that segment . I think I saw Michael Earl and Karen Prell in that image , which would place it as premiering in season 11 or 12 , but I cant find the image now .
starwars	Shortly beforehand , Bail informed Breha of the `` Tantive IV '' supposed destruction .
muppet	Actually , the name `` Afghan Hound '' was made up by the fanbase , instead of an official name . I know because I invented it , and remember doing research on what kind of dog looked like this ... Just sos you guys know . -- Jog 2104 , 1 June 2006
muppet	And of course , the obvious general rule which applies to any mention when its a visual and you can screen grab , it will help us out a lot later .
muppet	Released in 1971 , Sesame Street 2 was originally packaged in a gatefold sleeve which contained a book featuring song lyrics and illustrations by Michael Smollin . The album was subsequently reissued as Sesame Street 2 Original Cast and as a part of the 1977 Sesame Gold ! The Best of Sesame Street limited edition two record set which also featured the original cast recording from 1970 .
starwars	The squadron launched once Keize joined them , travelling to the planet Catadra , where the New Republic 's Meteor Squadron engaged the TIEs .
muppet	Its Christmas Eve , 1776 . George Washington and his men are preparing to cross the Delaware river , when Grover shows up with a bundle of balloons , noisemakers and streamers , since he heard this is the day they planned to `` surprise the British . '' Washington explains that the colonists are fed up with the British always telling them what to do , and that his team intends to create their own country , and cross the Delaware to surprise the British in a different way since its Christmas Eve , the British have the day off , so they wont be expecting an attack . The river-borne patriots briefly pose for a famous painting , which Grover wanted to be a part of , but he literally `` missed the boat . ''
starwars	The ambush on the `` Dauntless '' cruiser was depicted in the opening scene of the of `` '' , the third and final installment of the `` Crimson Empire '' trilogy .
starwars	In the days of the old Sith Empire , holocrons were prevalent among the Dark Lords just as Jedi holocrons were among Jedi Masters .
muppet	Paul Dooley is a popular character actor whose films include Breaking Away , Popeye , Sixteen Candles , A Mighty Wind , and the Cars series . He has played recurring roles in a number of TV series , including Ben The Ben Stiller Show , Tales of the City , Dream On , My So-Called Life , The Golden Girls , Star Star Trek Deep Space Nine , The Practice , Curb Your Enthusiasm and Desperate Housewives .
starwars	In 27 BBY , the Chaf were prepared to incite civil war if it would give them superiority over the other Families .
poke	May makes another `` expedition '' , stating they are on a detour and landed on an island filled with Donphan at the time of the breeding season .
poke	Suddenly , May throws the frisbee in the wrong direction , so Torchic runs off to get it .
starwars	Equipped with the knowledge that there were stairwells leading up to the top of the mesa , Hosh began to develop a plan to take the mesa and the docking tower by sending troops up the stairs .
starwars	Self-Constructing Armament Factory
muppet	A website that lets you see if webages are available offline , I think .
muppet	The Land Where the Golden Apples Grow is another land , shown in the Fraggle Rock episode Episode 410 Reds Blue Reds Blue Dragon .
poke	Meg uses Smog , covering the field with the smoke , while Mr. Moore sees Flannery is gaining confidence .
starwars	Imperial Intelligence officials used Gara Petothel 's grief and confusion over the executions of her parents to manipulate her and shape her into an Imperial prodigy during her childhood .
starwars	When he was agitated , his skin , like all Herglics , would mottle .
poke	Wurmple tries to pull the burglar , but the burglar is quite fast , so Wurmple can not hold it for too long .
starwars	It was heavily mined by the Republic and then the Empire .
muppet	In January 2006 , Potty Time With Elmo , a book with sound buttons , was said by a Ellensburg , Washington woman to say `` Uh oh , who wants to die ? '' The button was to say `` Uh oh , who has to go ? `` , but some of the book sound files compressed improperly . According to NBC , the books could be returned to the store of purchase , or replaced for free by calling 595-8484 .
muppet	Both of these Whatnots are currently featured in Puppet Up ! , but does anyone know their origins and where/if theyve been seen prior ?
poke	The sun shines again , amazing everyone , and even Castform changes into its original form .
starwars	The warmaster arranged an appointment with Ghithra Dal to review the progress of his implant , awaiting to see if Shesh 's assertions proved true .
starwars	Zill Kartay was a red-eyed Neimoidian who stood between 1.75 and 1.91 meters tall .
starwars	As these events do not contradict each other , this article incorporates the events from both versions .
poke	May sends Beautifly , James sends Dustox and the trainers release Crobat and Jumpluff .
starwars	Jedi Master Djinn Altis was a maverick , allowing Jedi trainees to become romantically attached , and he taught techniques—such as the ability to preserve one 's consciousness after death by transferring it to an inanimate object—which were lost to , or condemned by , the mainstream Jedi Order .
poke	Deep in the cave , Steven is excavating some stones , while his Aron is digging .
muppet	I can not find any of Oscs appearances on the program - not even on YouTube . User Angie Y . 1803 , 17 September 2008
starwars	Following the trail of the Admiral 's escape pod to Daluuj , the `` Millennium Falcon '' managed to enter the planet 's storm-wracked atmosphere , narrowly missing the gun turret of an Imperial fort in the process .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0136 , July 9 , 2010
muppet	Hi Wendy I have lots of pictures and merchandise from holland Germany and spain but I cant get it online alone . Can you help me with the catalogisation ? Also on Youtube a guy named Clausule has tons of Sesamstraat fragments that could be helpfull for screencaps for sketches ! Pino 2242 , 12 October 2008
muppet	Anyway -- this is open for conversation or questions or whatever . --
muppet	Is there a more clear way to describe this page in the leading text so that it doesnt become a list of everything Miss Piggy has appeared in ? Should we say that were only covering one picture per year or something ? Or maybe that would be too restrictive insome cases , I dont know . What does everyoe else think ? Scott
muppet	`` Hold on , Hold on , '' the technician said , wasting breath . Finally `` Got Big Bird peeping now '' ''
poke	Electrike shows it can use Thunder Wave , though Wattson recalls his Magnemite struggled to master the attack .
poke	Brock sends Mudkip to use Water Gun , but nothing happens , so the mechanical arm knocks Mudkip out .
poke	The second round begins , as the Jester ( aka Jessie ) and Erica have the Contest battle .
poke	Meowth is annoyed , since he recalls James and Jessie have always relied on him , rather on their own .
starwars	Gerrut was an individual who developed Gerrut 's theory of tertiary volition after being inspired by the ice formations of the planet Hoth .
muppet	I wouldnt necessarily recommend that particular image , obviously ... it was just the first thing I had at hand for the test . You can put up any image that you want , and then copy this into User/monaco.css
starwars	He displayed curiosity and surprise towards Human anatomy , particularly females , constantly maintaining an inquisitive stance , and often trying out new experiences , although this exploratory behavior was the cause for his collard lesion breakout on one occasion .
starwars	Togorian belladonna
starwars	Bolpuhr was the Noghri bodyguard of Leia Organa Solo at the beginning the Yuuzhan Vong War as recompense for her and her brother Luke Skywalker helping rebuild the Noghri homeworld of Honoghr after its oppression under the Galactic Empire .
muppet	Street Gang The Complete History of Sesame Street is written by former TV Guide editor Michael Davis . The 384-page hardcover book focuses on the rise of Sesame Street as an influential childrens show and pop culture staple . The author has confirmed that the book is the result of completing more than 200 interviews over the course of five years .
starwars	Surveillance ( Imperial Security Bureau ) /Legends
poke	Brock , Max and Ash tackle the gate , but they have to climb the vines to get across .
starwars	If the player chooses the dark side path for this scenario , he can allow Jorak to torture Mekel to death , or he can turn on Mekel after the two defeat Jorak .
poke	Max finds this impossible , but Jessie assures him science advances rather quickly .
muppet	The show included three French Muppets Toccata the Albatross , Mordicus the saxophone-playing Grouch and Trepido the Snail .
starwars	Lokin suggested Nine to use the sensor equipment from the Taris settlers to gather the data on rakghoul colony movements .
starwars	As with other Trade Federation combat ships , the `` Acquisitor '' command crew included several Neimoidians , one of whom was Commander Nap Lagard .
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 2203 , 1 February 2006
poke	Max points out it is made of stone and it looks quite big , since it is not an ordinary Poké Ball .
starwars	Lucasfilm Ltd. had filed applications for the registration of `` Star Wars : The Old Republic '' and `` The Old Republic '' as trademarks on July 3 , 2008 , and on October 7 both LucasArts and BioWare issued an invitation to the press to attend an event on October 21 about `` the game that has been rumored about for years , '' and the two companies then revealed `` The Old Republic '' to the public .
poke	Corphish really loves Mawile , while Ash does n't see why would Corphish change itself to let Mawile like him .
muppet	I hadnt realized until Nate created Dumbo today , but http//muppet.wikia.com/index.php ? title=The_Walt_Disney_Company
muppet	Still , this is a beta version , so there may be some bumps . If you see anything that looks weird with the new search , please post them here , so we can talk to the tech people about it . --
muppet	Hi Matt -- I had to delete your page about Brian Posehn , because hes never actually worked with the Muppets . We only create pages for celebrities when they interact with the Muppets , or Henson . The line that you posted about is sort of a `` Muppet Mention '' , but it wouldnt qualify under our definition of Muppet Mentions . Let me know if this is confusing at all . --
starwars	There , Cuvir discovered one of his aides preparing a coded datapad full of Imperial fleet movements in the Tandell system and was about to arrest the man on suspicion of being a Rebel when a scuffle ensued between the two .
poke	James also appears , but he wo n't fight Ash and May as a member of Team Rocket , but as a competitor .
poke	Brock reminds them they have to get out of the place first , since they are stuck amidst the rubble .
muppet	The song was performed by guest star Twiggy in Episode 121 episode 121 of The Muppet Show .
muppet	I dont know if you are into Andy Warhol or not , but I just found out something that fascinated me with one of his time capsules they opened in 2004 , and I added it to his page . Its also led to a great mystery about the designer Halston , and a sketch I found on here he did of Miss Piggy in Jim Henson The Works . I started a talk page at Talk if you might perchance know anything . --
muppet	It seems like you tried to synthesize the short-form series and the half-hour series as one show , which isnt correct . Theyre distinct entities . Noggin made it pretty clear that the half-hour series was `` based on the short-form series of the same name . '' The furless Muppets thing should be referred to as a direct quotation and not a billing . The quote was from Tom Ascheim , a former EVP of Sesame Workshop and Noggin .
poke	When Ash 's Badge Case is seen in the original , there is a Poké Ball design on it .
poke	The boy flees from the Secret Base , leaving it to Team Rocket , who got his Nincada .
muppet	I was recently at MTR and after I saw the Muppets at Walt Disney Worl screening , I went to the video library , I saw the MUsicians of Breman and I noticed that when T.R was plaing the bajo , it looked like fingesr were used to play it insted of rods . Am I right ? -- User Big V 2112 , 22 April 2006
poke	Regardless , Hal tells them that one day , despite his parents ' warnings , he fell into a hole and when he woke up , he saw a large , beautiful underground lake with a lot of Trapinch as well .
poke	Misty shakes in fear , as Brock points out Misty is scared of bug-type Pokémon .
muppet	So far , Ive found three other pages . Thoughts ? Worth a forum thread , or just an admin clean-up decision ?
poke	Just as the heroes try to escape , Ash gets captured , while Team Aqua 's leader starts controlling Kyogre .
poke	Seeing there is nothing much they can do , the heroes bid Ash 's Bulbasaur farewell as the latter bid goodbye to May 's Bulbasaur while patted on her head with its vines .
starwars	Supreme Leader Ren and General Hux order their walkers to concentrate fire on the speeders , destroying several .
starwars	Letting out a faint curse , Sang was jolted when a reply came from behind .
poke	Max and the taller Max still argue , but Brock proposes to send out all of their Pokémon to play with them .
poke	Max worries about Ash , so May wonders if Max wo n't eat his food , she should take it .
starwars	Korendum
poke	Flannery is glad her grandfather is taking care of her , but Max thinks he should 've at least prepared her before going on .
starwars	The Bryar pistol was the preferred weapon of mercenary-turned New Republic operative Kyle Katarn , given to him by his father as a parting gift for the Imperial Academy until he adopted a lightsaber as part of his Jedi training .
muppet	Hey , are we covering http//www.amazon.com/s/qid=1284427730/ref=sr_pg_1 ? ie=UTF8
muppet	Its more work , but instead of your short claims or summaries , you could try actually transcribing the quoted commentary text . I know this probably seems like a lot of work , but were proud of our accuracy . If youre having trouble verifying or cant do that , then mention it in discussion or talkpages and when one of the other members who * has * a Bluray player can confirm , we can re-add it . But if we take something out until we can confirm , please , as I said , dont keep re-adding it . Thanks !
poke	Brock and Lance recognize each other , while May and Max are honored to meet him .
poke	Nicholai is very excited to learn that May is the daughter of the Petalburg Gym leader .
muppet	Please dont add this to the first sentence of pages . Its repetition and will simply be removed .
starwars	Imperial Intelligence agents sponsored the rise of a new Mandalorian leader who would later become known as Mandalore the Lesser .
starwars	The Chagrian also chastised Krennic for using Imperial Military assets to seize the mining interests on Samovar and Wadi Raffa without direct prior approval .
muppet	Hey babe I tried breaking down the performers job on Special . I hope that makes the job less overwhelming for people , but looking at it , I think it might be more overwhelming . What do you think ? If it makes things worse rather than better , I could take it out ... --
poke	Oak studies the door and realizes they need to attack using a combination to destroy the door .
muppet	Whats the source for an April release date ? I dont see it on Amazon yet ... --
starwars	Even after he had made the money he craved , he did not retire like his comrades , preferring to further his reputation as a pirate .
starwars	HK-47 eventually tracked the HK-50s to the HK Manufacturing Plant under the surface of Telos IV and , upon arrival , persuaded the HK-50s to join his cause .
poke	Team Rocket see the heroes sailing , but their Magikarp ] ] submarine becomes stuck between rocks .
poke	Birch thinks the girl is interested in Gorebyss , but she denies and soon departs away .
starwars	`` The TIE/vn silencer is the most elite starfighter developed for the First Order by Sienar-Jaemus Fleet Systems .
poke	May , by Franklin 's advice , sends her Wurmple out to fight with Torchic at the same time .
starwars	McDiarmid also worked with George Lucas on the 1992 television series , in which McDiarmid portrayed Professor Levi in the episode `` Paris , October 1916 . ''
poke	May admits she has taken Steven 's battling style to her interest , which Ash approves of , since it can be applied during the Contests .
muppet	Screenshot 2018-09-21 at 11.16.37 Henry the Hamster } } Ernie and Bert Sketches Ernie and Bert sketch
starwars	In fact , he owes a life debt to Jabba .
poke	While Team Rocket notices , Meowth pulls a lever , which shakes the robot , causing Jimmy to fall .
muppet	The String Quartet performed Boccherinis Minuet in A Major in Episode 513 Tony episode 513 of The Muppet Show . They never spoke , but had a flair for sadistic artistry and destruction . As a result , they were dismissed from The Muppet Theatre and never again asked back .
poke	After mastering Pikachu 's Iron Tail , Ash is ready for his Gym Battle with Roxanne .
starwars	During the Empire Day live event from June 29 , 2005 to July 11 , 2005 Imperial players had to go this location to complete a quest titled `` Happy Empire Day . ''
poke	Ash tries to warn Corphish it 'd be sick if it eats everything , but Corphish blasts Ash to a tree and runs off .
muppet	I came home from school on Friday to watch Fraggle Rock as usual , I turned on HBO and waited . Later , another show came on . It was a documentary on keeping the earth clean . I looked up the HBO schedule on my computer . I did not see Fraggle Rock on the schedule anywhere ! In its place were other HBO shows . I was so worried . So this just leads to the rumor IS FRAGGLE ROCK GONE AGAIN ? !
muppet	Frank Welker Skeeter . Welker also voiced the animated , adult versions of Kermit Kermit and others in Little Muppet Monsters , and provided the voice of Kermit the Frog when he made a brief appearance on a Family Guy episode .
poke	Ash , May , Brock and Max have arrived at a small town called Rinshin Town on their way to Rustboro City .
muppet	Hey , Jon ! I just wanted to mention that I had been looking in a book about the history of the Grammys , and yes , the entire album of Born to Add was competing against the actual song that year . Back then , songs and albums could compete together in that category . Ill have to see if thats still true . --
poke	On December 23 , 2005 , the company announced that it will not renew the Pokémon representation agreement set to expire on December 31 , 2005 .
poke	Meowth feels Jessie can win this Contest , who continues to be confident to crush everyone .
poke	Mrs. Grimm says Pokémon are a waste of time , since when she was Timmy 's age , she studied a lot .
poke	Team Aqua 's leader dispatches her team , since neither Team Aqua nor Team Magma want any fighting in this cave .
muppet	Not sure when youll see this , but , a segment recently appeared in a Plaza Sesamo on V-me with an AM band sing about guessing what animal theyre singing about
poke	Lotad brings the baby Mudkip to the shore and Brock and the larger Mudkip the other ones .
muppet	Hi -- I see that youre editing under another account right now , User Disneys Marsupilami . Please only use one account to edit this wiki -- it gets confusing otherwise . Since this is the one that you started with , you should just use this account . Thanks ! --
starwars	Together , the two Force-wielders managed to make their way through the Sith temple .
poke	The king comes to the princess , seeing it is actually a miracle Togepi had come to the Mirage Kingdom .
muppet	Also Rainbow Crafts had the license for Play-Doh in the 1950s . In 1965 , General Mills purchased Rainbow Crafts . When General Mills purchased Parker Brothers in 1968 , Play-Doh became part of the Parker Brothers line .
poke	Treecko attempts to break out using Pound , but it does not work , since Team Rocket explain it can not be opened from the inside .
muppet	Similar to the The Muppet Show Season first and The Muppet Show Season second season sets , the initial release features a limited-edition fuzzy cover .
starwars	After a moment of surprise , Starkiller used the Force to blow apart the patchwork tribute and regained his lightsaber , deflecting a blow from the recovered Paratus .
starwars	His death was accidental when his right-hand Hutt , Grelb , shot him while aiming for Obi-Wan Kenobi , who helped find the hidden dactyl .
starwars	In May 2006 , Del Rey held a contest to promote the release of `` Betrayal '' .
poke	Ash and Max dodge the attack , Spheal bounces off a wall and ends up knocking the boy down on the ground , making Ash and Max think the boy is just a new trainer to have a hard time with Spheal .
muppet	In 2001 , she co-edited G is for G is for Growing 30 Years of Research on Sesame Street and Children , a collection of research studies on Sesame Sesame Streets effectiveness as an educational show .
muppet	Hi ! Youre uploading a bunch of pictures that youre taking with your camera from the TV ... those pictures arent good enough quality to put on the wiki . If you can take screenshots from a DVD , then that would be great , but these pics arent good enough . Sorry ! --
muppet	They were manufactured by IC Avenue Music Publishing and distributed by Pony Canyon Inc . These releases include
starwars	The following events took place in 34 ABY .
starwars	However , HK-47 and his new allies , HK-50 droids , foiled G0-T0 's plans and destroyed him .
starwars	The curious visits tipped off a Rebel sympathizer , who in turn informed the Alliance .
poke	Mudkip uses Water Gun and Beautifly Silver Wind , attacking Archie 's helicopter .
starwars	As the duel continued , a massive spurt of lava erupted onto the unshielded collection arm , and began to melt the metal .
muppet	However , Im not sure about the other two appearances . He doesnt appear on our page about Cosmo Scams henchmen from Santa Claus Switch -- is it possible that hes being mixed up with the similar-looking Snake Frackle ? Also , which episode of The Jim Henson Hour does he appear in ? --
poke	Seeing May hugging Torchic , Ash comments Torchic is growing on May , while Max sees this is how Pokémon 's bond deepens with its trainer .
starwars	The player can also choose to sabotage Parvil which will reveal that his Senate Page was also a supporter of the Sith Empire and hoped for the senator 's plan to succeed .
muppet	Wonderful Pistachios are advertised with a TV campaign called `` Get Crackin '' , featuring various well-known celebrities showing off how they crack open Wonderful Pistachios . Kermit the Frog appears in a 2011 `` Get Crackin '' ad as a promotional tie-in with The Muppets The Muppets . He shows off the green color of the pistachio and the `` green '' biodegradable container that the pistachios come in . `` Kermit does it cause hes green '' , according to the voice-over in the ad .
poke	May has made it to the receptionist , who checks her Contest Pass and registers her in .
starwars	His attention soon returned to Rey who was now empowered by the ghosts of the past Jedi , in which the Emperor then unleashed a barrage of Force lightning on his granddaughter in order to kill her , which she deflected with her lightsaber .
muppet	Maybe , I could screengrab as much work as possible and gallery it here and we can pick them out as we ID them .
muppet	To whoever posted the `` remastered '' screencaps on this page ... how did you get a hold of them ? They look so clear compared to whats on Google . MasterYoshi 1324 , August 22 , 2010
poke	After stopping on the island , he sees it will take some hours before he can get the ship running again .
starwars	And both of them have become pawns in a secret plot by an Imperial cabal ! ''
starwars	A magno-neutralizer was a high-tech gadget which could be thrown at a small group of droids , exploding and somehow deactivating them .
poke	Oak knows already as soon as he tells this to others , Pallet Town would have a big party .
starwars	The Alliance to Restore the Republic purchased raw materials for its ships from the miners .
starwars	That day , D'harhan , in essence , became a life-support system for a cannon .
starwars	Petty Officer Colton served onboard the CR90 corvette `` FarStar '' during the hunt for Moff Kentor Sarne .
muppet	The image actually depicts thin tissue paper from 2005 , which was sold alongside two different kinds of actual Muppet wrapping paper a green-toned roll with lots of different Kermit images , and a blue one with images of the core group . Maybe we can add pictures of those , and just feature the tissue paper as some kind of an addendum on here as well ?
starwars	Temesher
poke	Just as Clamperl is to give the blue pearl , a smoke bomb explodes , as Team Rocket arrives .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- JParanoid Talk ) 0513 , February 10 , 2010
starwars	Oleg continued interrogating the man for a time , ending with a warning that the Empire would check up on his family 's registrations .
muppet	Does anyone know who plays the airline stewardess on the plane or the woman at the metal detector ? I think its worth indicating if we know . I think the stewardess sounds a bit like the lead singer of the Seekers , though I doubt its actually her ? Garrettk41 0102 , February 17 , 2011
muppet	If theres no `` references '' tag at the bottom of the article , you would add it like this
starwars	She diligently practiced lightsaber techniques and drank only purified water from Dromund Kaas .
poke	The heroes separate in different directions : Brock and Max take the right , Ash , his Pikachu , May and Alanna the left way .
poke	May tells Professor Birch that on Island B Clamperl evolves into Gorebyss and on Island C into Huntail .
muppet	Guiseppe is the proprietor of the Herringbone
poke	Since they do n't have much time , Ash has Taillow to scout the area for Team Rocket , while May orders the same for Beautifly .
starwars	Beyond the Lothal system , rebellious activities increased such as on Geonosis where Captain Brunson responded to a triggered proximity sensor and discovered the Spectres vessel `` Ghost '' on the planet who had saved both Saw Gerrera after his Partisans scout team were killed .
poke	The woman starts shaking Ash and Pikachu , but Brock tells her this is the first time they encountered the Phantom and wonders who Timmy is .
muppet	How sure are we that Vivian is performed by Fran Brill ? Im not great at identifying female Muppet performers , but theres usually some sort of twang in Frans voice that isnt present in Vivian . I think she sounds more like either Pam Arciero or Kathryn Mullen . But again , Im not certain , so dont change it until we know for sure . Keep it in mind , though . Garrettk41 2109 , 22 December 2008
starwars	Xris purchased a writ of protection from the Empire in exchange for this area of space .
starwars	The bombs ' ensuing detonation resulted in the complete obliteration of Vectivus ' former home .
poke	Ken says they went to capture the Pokémon from outer space and went to get the meteorite , but do n't remember anything .
muppet	MuppetsStudio just posted a new video of the music video for this thats in HD . I say we replace the video on this page with that . -- User9
poke	is particularly interested in high-leveled Pokémon such as Charizard and Venusaur .
muppet	Hey baby ! Its great to see you here . Let me know if theres anything I can help you with ! -- Toughpigs 1957 , 13 Dec 2005
muppet	A more in-depth look at the Fiama household occurs in Episode 212 Johnny Fiama Leaves episode 212 . The house includes a comfortable dining room , elegantly furnished and suitable for the consumption of Italian cuisine with Daryl Hannah . Religious iconography is prominent in the decor , ranging from a light-up Jesus crucifix to a print of Leonardo da Leonardo da Vincis painting The Last Supper , suggesting that the Fiamas are Catholic .
poke	The opponent thanks Ash for such a battle , seeing he is powerful for a trainer with seven badges .
starwars	However , many planets took Lah at his word .
poke	typically seen in cases like this have no HP , no moves , and no displayed moves ; the player character will white out as soon as the ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
starwars	For instance , individual Hutts contained both male and female reproductive organs .
starwars	Caliban
starwars	However , a pair of Mandalorian super commandos , Commander Saxon and Rook Kast , were sent by Mandalore 's Prime Minister Almec to free Maul .
starwars	It was responsible for verifying the identity of all persons entering Coruscant and ensuring their paperwork was in order , monitoring for smugglers , spies , terrorists , and others attempting to enter Coruscant illegally , searching incoming vessels and check their passengers and manifests , operating customs checkpoints at Coruscant 's spaceports , and tracking the immigration , emigration , and residency population levels of groups and species on Coruscant .
starwars	The Type 07034 was a medium-sized self-contained processing plant built by Rendeel Industries .
poke	Togepi goes to the outside world ; Ash goes as well , but fails , since the portal prevents him from doing so .
starwars	Arriving at an old Yavin Base , Luke and the rest assume the Rebels have fled , due to it being abandoned .
starwars	In addition to landing platforms with inertial generators it featured several cantinas for pilots and crew unwilling to venture too far from their ships .
muppet	Does anybody have this on Columbia with the blue cover on record or tape ? Im confused because everything Im finding online lists the catalog number as 40772 , which is right for the 1987 edition with the yellow cover , since in 1987 , numbers were around 40600 . But in 1985 , Columbia numbers had just crossed 40000 , so the blue cover has to have a different and earlier number . --
muppet	Not to be rude , but the table headings shouldnt be that wordy . Look at Ernie and Bert Sketches Apartment , we already have the First appearance for the season 1 stuff and some season 2 and 3 , but theyre all under `` Earliest Know Appearance '' . Its looks good and its easy to read . - Oscarfan 2136 , January 8 , 2010
starwars	The Smuggler 's Run had been used for several centuries and remained unchecked due to its hazardous entrance through the asteroids .
starwars	After the second Death Star was destroyed in 4 ABY during the Battle of Endor , portions of the superweapon including the Emperor 's Throne Room where he kept his wayfinder fell onto Kef Bir .
poke	Hariyama uses Vital Throw , but fails , due to Treecko 's attacks having damage on its legs .
poke	As the heroes travel through the forest to Rustboro City , May spots a Pokémon close to her face and screams .
muppet	At least one nominee , Chris Sassano , wasnt in attendance due to looming deadlines for the 43rd season of Sesame Street .
muppet	A `` see also '' section could link to and Audio and Street Stories .
starwars	As with all other subjects of the Daimanate , she had to outwardly subscribed to his narcissistic ideology and philosophy which posited Daiman as the Creator of the Universe .
muppet	Im pretty sure these arent the official titles ; just ones based off of the inserts in each episode by the YouTube user who uploaded the episode . Should we sandbox these until we can figure something out , or should we keep the titles , similar to how The Jim Henson Hour episodes are titles ? - Oscarfan
poke	They move out , while Team Rocket goes in the Magikarp submarine to dive to the bottom to evade the hurricane .
poke	Jessie 's Cascoon ( who Jessie thinks is a Silcoon but James and Meowth know it is a Cascoon ) has trapped Nincada in a web .
poke	Ash reminds Max Pokémon are living creatures , like humans and act on their instinct .
starwars	Starline cable was a five millimeter thick cable made of synthetic molecularly linked fibers .
starwars	Just prior to the Galactic Empire 's assault on Aquilae , 33 vials were prepared for Luke Skywalker to take to the Chrome Companies on Ophuchi .
poke	However , Professor Oak arrives by a cart and greets May and Max , the latter being a big fan of his .
muppet	And a related tip , especially for our newer members . If Wikipedia * does * have a related page , but it doesnt have the same title as ours , or the link goes to a disambig , use this format subject } }
poke	Corphish begins to bang the tree , but Grovyle uses Leaf Blade , cutting the fruit down .
starwars	Return of the Jedi Weekly 48 is the forty-eighth issue of `` Return of the Jedi Weekly '' , the continuation of the `` Marvel Star Wars UK '' series .
muppet	And nice 8-tracks ! --
starwars	Also unknown to her was that Anakin had been seduced to the dark side of the force by Sidious and had become Darth Vader .
poke	Drew appears before May , deciding to at least cheer her on for her to make it past the first round .
starwars	Force-sensitive younglings who were taken to the Jedi Temple to be trained as Jedi were known as Jedi younglings .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket is going to the same path , being very cold and tired and wonder why would the twerps go here .
starwars	He was at the Battle of Exocron where he again confronted Talon , and he , much like the other pirates , were killed when the Aing-Tii monks intervened in the battle .
muppet	I dont think we have a category for this , do we ? --
starwars	Kerner
poke	The only `` glitches '' it causes are barely noticeable , so it is a ( relatively ) safe Glitch Pokémon to obtain .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2231 , September 6 , 2011
starwars	Transformation chamber/Legends
poke	Brock watches as Claire and Kain spend time together and claims he and the broken-heart marked Spinda have each other , at least .
poke	Max , Brock and May drown to the bottom of the sea , but a Pokémon goes after them .
poke	Seviper tries to use Wrap , but Mightyena 's Iron Tail counters the attack and hits Seviper .
poke	May simply states even a Gym Leader should enjoy some time off and runs off with Brock , who wants to flirt with more girls .
poke	They see that Mawile is flirting on Lombre , so Brock tries to do the same on Samantha , but gets pulled by Max .
muppet	Part 3 Grover gets Kermit , the Count , Sully , and an Anything Anything Muppet to hold up a big sign .
starwars	Presumably her ordeal during her escape and her subsequent survival served as her `` de facto '' Jedi Trials , because she claimed to be a Jedi Knight , and indeed feared that she was the only one of her kind , though she claimed that she `` sensed the presence of a few others . ''
muppet	Mee-Shee The Water Giant is an United German
muppet	Dylan and Cole Sprouse are identical twin actors who are best known for their roles in The Suite Life of Zack
muppet	In `` Episode 214 The Secret of Convincing The Secret of Convincing John , '' Convincing John compels Wembley to choose between a white shirt with banana trees on it and a beige/brown shirt . Johns own wardrobe is similarly limited , including two identical suit jackets .
poke	Max introduces himself to Ralts , thinking it must 've sensed his feelings to have uttered a cry for help .
poke	Chaz asks if they are going to Rustboro City for the Gym battle , to which May and Ash agree .
poke	Jessie and May step away and both offer their Wurmple to exchange for the other .
starwars	The pilot 's species and name were not established in the novel , and it was not revealed whether Caleb 's treatment helped him to recover .
poke	Brawly thinks if Ash did focus himself and thought his moves more , they would even be defeated .
muppet	File Adams and Jason Segel Join Kermit and a `` Diva '' Miss Piggy at the Muppets Premiere !
poke	Per Meowth 's advice , Seviper uses Poison Tail but Seviper strikes Jessica , blasting her away .
starwars	Mexeluine was created for `` , '' a 2004 online supplement for Wizards of the Coast 's `` Star Wars Roleplaying Game '' .
muppet	Please leave Muppet-like talk here . Tyciol 2033 , 13 December 2006
muppet	`` Best Present Ever '' is performed by Jack the Dog and the residents of the Big Blue House in the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 326 A Berry Bear Christmas A Berry Bear Christmas . ''
starwars	Solo , Xaverri , and Skywalker quickly moved to rescue the toddler from Hethrir , aided by the recently arrived Leia Organa Solo , Rillao , —the Procurator 's former mate—and Chewbacca .
poke	Max confesses he wants to prove himself he is no kid , but could not face May when the PokéNav broke .
muppet	Da Rules is a rap song sung by the Worlds Oldest Fraggle in Episode 311 The Beanbarrow , the Burden and the Bright Bouquet . The song is supposed to lay out the rules for the The All-Day , Cross-Cave Beanbarrow Race All-Day , Cross-Cave Beanbarrow Race Finals , but in actuality simply counts down from ten to one in silly Fraggle fashion .
starwars	Darklighter held the highly dangerous blind jump for fifteen seconds before decanting .
starwars	The luggerwahl was a species of four-legged creatures that were used as beasts of burden by scavengers during the era of the Galactic War and the Eternal Empire .
muppet	Jim , Frank and Jerry close the appearance by demonstrating three Anything Muppets , then singing `` My Favorite P My Favorite Letter '' . One notable thing about this clip Jim , Frank and Jerry just perform the characters while sitting in the chairs , with the puppets up front . It seems like theyre really casual about the puppet-illusion at this point , with Caroll sitting on stage in the Big Bird legs . They became much more protective about that illusion later on .
starwars	After the criminals Chelli Aphra and 0-0-0 were forced down to the underworld from the top city , they made a deal with Klam for transport on her Qaberworm Gurtyl , and Aphra borrowed one of her heatspex .
starwars	Following these events , all the Solo children returned to Coruscant to live with their parents , since Anoth was no longer safely hidden .
starwars	Meanwhile , the servant droids that were planetside and assisting with the convocation received a change in programming that ordered them to attack the most powerful Jedi present .
poke	The companies are seeking almost $ 5 million in `` underpayments , wrongful deductions , and unmet obligations . ''
muppet	I dont think Im the one to do this- Im not so good at writing articles . I think those who actually work on the website should do it . Just a Garrettk41 1903 , 20 January 2008
starwars	While these were the normal purposes of the unit , it was known that they were also capable of taking part in large scale engagements where they served as a forward response element .
muppet	Hey , Danny . Ive been trying to look at which categories are either empty or only have one item , and see which ones could be fleshed out in time or which ones are redundant or unneccessary . For example , Im debating whether to delete Shop Creature Shop Locations , for example , since Peter moved the Dark Crystal stuff into the main category , and I guess theres really no reason not to do so with the other two , and I can only think of three other possibles right now
muppet	At the top right hand corner of the cover it writes that there is a poster with this record . I have the poster but didnt know how i should go on doing this . I asked Scott about and all he said was its already mention on the artical and it isnt . And if this should be setteled should it also be mention in the Sesmae Street Posters ? Just wondering . --
muppet	Its been a crazy week . I think Ill get over to California Adventure and check out the Mobile Labs thing , and see 3-D again , and see if I can add anything . --
poke	Max points at the Lileep , which shocks the heroes , since they are supposed to be extinct .
muppet	Payró is the primary Spanish voice of Amy Adams and also dubbed Kristen Bell in Bad Moms , Kristin Chenoweth in You Again , and Leslie Mann in Drillbit Taylor . Animation roles include Anna in Frozen and its sequels , Judy Hopps in Zootopia , Rapunzel in Tangled The Series , the singing voice of Minnie Mouse in various projects , and Canterlot on My Little My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic . Video games include Star Star Wars Battlefront II and DC Injustice 2 .
starwars	However , Zutton has a different appearance than the Snivvian in the Holiday Special , and it was decided to split the appearances into separate characters .
muppet	The NY Times website is currently having a feature where fans can send questions to Caroll Spinney and Carol-Lynn Parente , though many have addressed questions to Big Bird . So if any of us have any questions then I recommend checking it out
muppet	Say , Enrique , if youre not too busy , would you mind updating the pages for Episode 2227 and Episode 2342 with episode guides for me , please ? Here are the links in case you need some help with the episode guide updates http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=O11k6o9omQs
muppet	Also , love love love the screen grabs from Grosse Show für kleine Leute . Apparently there was another German Make Your Dreams come True show where they took some kids behind the scenes of Fraggle Rock ! ! Wozza 1238 , January 24 , 2011
poke	Katrina arrives , showing a part of a net , for the poachers are in the Preserve .
poke	After introducing the judges , Vivian introduces the first Coordinator , Jesslanna , who is actually Jessie in disguise , who sends Dustox .
poke	As her first Pokémon , Winona sends Altaria , while Brock hopes Altaria 's beauty does not deceive Ash .
starwars	In doing this , Sabine was able to process her emotions , which allowed her to decide that she was worthy of wielding the saber .
poke	Grovyle follows with Leaf Blade , so Quagsire falls , leaving Pikachu to defeat Walrein with Thunder .
starwars	In `` Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic , '' the vendors have set items , and the armor can always be bought from them .
poke	Joshua is a bit sad , but knows he and Houndoom did their best , while Erica is baffled by Joshua 's defeat .
poke	Somewhere at sea , Evelyn releases Adam and the heroes in a small submarine to search the ship .
poke	Jessie explains the area , but a helicopter heads towards the mountain , making them suspect something is going on at the top .
starwars	Rey 's refusal to join Ren left the dark warrior feeling betrayed .
poke	However , after traveling with them all , May 's opinion changed and started liking Pokémon and felt being a Coordinator was fit for her .
poke	The heroes encounter a Swablu , whose wing is injured , since the burning tree fell on it .
starwars	She was later given an entry in 2008 's `` The Complete Star Wars Encyclopedia '' .
starwars	Among the Rebel forces defending the base , was Kolaador graduate , Rookie One , flying an X-wing .
poke	Sonny and Drew begin the battle , as Sonny sends Girafarig and Drew his Masquerain .
starwars	Much of the Gree 's technology was developed thousands of years ago and was extremely alien to anything known by modern eras .
starwars	Sidious later tracked Maul down to Mandalore and managed to subdue him , sparing him as he still had use for him to track down Mother Talzin .
starwars	Jacen entered and made idle threats .
poke	Instead , Mr. Moore , in an another disguise , comes to Flannery and asks where the restroom is .
starwars	By achieving spiritual immortality , a person 's physical form would vanish upon their death .
starwars	It could carry one droid and land at a specific location , though its internal navigation computer was limited to one hyperspace jump .
poke	He sees an old man demonstrating new inventions but before he can go further , a younger man picks him up in a limo .
muppet	Weve got Fraggle Rock for the 1985-1986 comic . So there are a couple ways we could disambiguate these
starwars	The two then continued their duel atop the fallen tree branch before Malgus threw her against another tree trunk with the Force , and Shan was barely able to somersault over the Sith Lord 's head before Malgus buried his lightsaber in the tree where she had been moments earlier .
poke	Since battling against other family members was getting boring after some time ( even if it was to commemorate Vito ) , they want to battle the heroes instead .
poke	Ash admits they are going to Petalburg City , so Morita promises to give them directions .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 2111 , 13 July 2009
poke	Being disgusted that Team Rocket wanted to sabotage the Contest , Erica has Jynx blast them off with a Hyper Beam .
muppet	After years of absence from the show , he appeared in the 1989 special Sesame Street 20 and Still Counting during Ray Charles Ray Charless performance of `` Bein Green . '' A couple years later , he appeared in the song `` Small People '' , sung by Ziggy Marley .
poke	Brock claims they have to give 100 % , but Sandra doubts that , since her mother has to save some energy for housework .
poke	This upsets Ash , since they tried really hard to battle against a man , who `` would rather surf '' than battle .
poke	Suddenly , they do spot Carlos , who takes them to Pacifidlog Island and promises to even pay for the dinner .
starwars	Soon enough , the market for rikknit eggs evaporated and New Plympto was , for all intents and purposes , abandoned by commercial interests .
starwars	When the Mon Calamari starship engineer Dr. Artoz inquired about Tarkin , Knotts responded that he would get back what was left of his precious `` corvette . ''
poke	The Gym Leader claims this is his way of greeting the challengers and makes him feel as if he was on the ride itself , but his assistant claims he 's overreacting a bit .
muppet	She appeared in the episode `` Episode 207 Wasp
starwars	Shinie/Legends
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Team Rocket has a device that absorbs electricity .
poke	Ash notices a window is opened , so while May will get in , Pikachu will distract Team Rocket by attacking the wall .
muppet	In some cases , like Floyd Pepper and Mahna Mahna Mahna Mahna , its just a matter of the puppeteer folding down the eyes from within . Materials include cloth , foam , ping pong ball eyes as noted , fibre-glass , whatever . It doesnt really matter .
poke	Pikachu attacks with Thunderbolt , negating the attack and striking Team Rocket .
muppet	The puppet used for this character was originally used as Milton the Blue-Footed Booby on Episode 207 Wasp
starwars	Korsin also outlined the Tribe 's hierarchy and how the structure should be managed to prevent uprisings like the one that ultimately killed him .
poke	Before the battle , Winona kneels and prays to the sky to give her Pokémon the power to “ conquer the stormy winds “ .
starwars	Afterward , the heroes rescued the Kel Dor scientist A. Rahring from the island .
muppet	Toshiro is one of the frogketeers from the Kermit the Frog Club sketch on Muppets Tonight Episode 105 Cindy episode 105 .
starwars	Within three months , Gerran was cured and he and Serra had fallen in love .
starwars	Hilts was able to use this discovery to reunite the Tribe and to prevent the other Sith from destroying the `` Omen '' by crashing the Temple 's main tower onto its protective chamber .
muppet	Imma about to dive into the gaps of season 32/33 , but now , we can change all the EKAs to Firsts for pretty much this entire era . So , scope out any episode page from maybe 1998 to 2014-ish and start making the changes .
poke	As the heroes are fishing , Ash sends Treecko to enjoy the sunshine and nature .
muppet	The segment made its debut in Season 34 , using `` the power of television to demonstrate the diversity of the world we live in . ''
muppet	One thing though . Ill have you know that I was Fonzie at least twice , and it always went over well .
poke	Ash recalls Pikachu was binded to an electro-magnet , so Birch is certain that was the cause of Pikachu 's surge .
poke	They first dubbed at TAJ Productions up until the of when 4Kids took their own recording studio as of the of .
muppet	The subject of his birth date came into question on Facebook https//www.facebook.com/photo.php ? fbid=592161580825334
muppet	In 1992 , Baker performed the voice for Lingo , a dinosaur gang member in the Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 223 Leader of the Leader of the Pack '' .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Pantalones Talk ) 0714 , July 28 , 2010
muppet	Dancing Kids Mimi Rondeau , Ryan Prothro , Haile Kahassai , Matt Yalouris , Isabel Cummings , Emma Child , Kine Camara , Tyrone Stewart , Trevor Tibbrine , and Taylor Tibbrine .
poke	He also tells there may be Pokémon that have been living a very long time and have n't changed a single bit .
muppet	A group of Whatnot soldiers for the opening number of Episode 401 John episode 401 of The Muppet Show . The song was originally a top-ten hit for the group War in 1975 .
poke	The heroes witness there are two Franklins , who admit they are twin brothers - one is Forrester and the other is Forrest .
poke	Ash is excited to have his new badge , but is reminded he needs four more to enter the Hoenn League , though Ash claims it will be easy to obtain them .
poke	Just as they take the submarine down , they also encounter Team Rocket , who is also determined to take the treasure , which is connected to the Relicanth Adam saw earlier .
muppet	Just in case you still dont belive me , I will feel free to show you all 7 episodes on Disc 1 of the Elmo set via Google Drive for you to compare it with the Youku listing if you have the acess to .
starwars	The Azzameen siblings scrambled to escape the Imperials , but MK-09 's hyperspace calculations were complicated by the gravitational anomalies of the Maw cluster adjacent to the Kessel system .
muppet	Ice-T is the stage name of Tracy Marrow , an American rapper who plays Detective Fin Tutuola on Law
muppet	This is a great page , but it doesnt explain the context of the picture . Whats it from ? Scott message me )
muppet	I like it , although it makes the logo text look a little plain . Im horribly nearsighted but it doesnt bother my eyes , and its nowhere near as distracting as the Redwall banner that Wendy linked . Not to say Andrews concerns arent worth noting , of course ; this is just another data point . Powers 1605 , 20 May 2008
muppet	Just parking a long unsourced claim `` Nelsons performance of `` Halfway Down the Stairs ''
starwars	Although desperate to leave the planet , Gaelin was locked away in a lab with his equipment .
starwars	While the Millennium Falcon escapes , the droid 's lasers pierce Trioculus ' heart .
poke	The latter is freed , making Jessie enraged as Seviper uses Poison Tail , but it gets stopped by Pikachu 's Thunderbolt as he , Ash , Brock , Max and Rockeric arrive .
starwars	Cathar Parade Skiff
poke	Unhappy , Jessie sends Seviper and James his Cacnea , but the latter hugs the former .
starwars	He disliked their mystical nature and did n't trust them , putting his faith in traditional detective work over unconfirmable Jedi hunches .
starwars	Roba sausage
poke	May , Ash and Brock call out their Pokémon as well to eat - Treecko , Taillow , Torchic and Forretress appear , though all stare at the Treecko .
poke	Seviper goes to bite and Cacnea uses Needle Arm , but Corphish evades and uses ViceGrip .
starwars	Shortly after his exit , however , a group of T-wing interceptors entered the system and made their way to the Azzameens .
muppet	I heard a rumor that these skits had to be dropped in 1988 because kids were imitating it by falling down stairs on purpose ! Is this true ? -- User Wile e2005 1254 , 28 September 2006
muppet	File Studios Singapore - Something Sunnys Coming Your Way Teaser 1 Treasure
muppet	Just wanted to let you know in case you hadnt spotted that yet . --
poke	Ash remembers his badges and people he fought to get them , so he promises to get them back .
poke	He reads more from the book , which states it is made from mud from the Lake Izabe , so water should hit it hard .
starwars	In the conflict with the Eternal Empire , a gizka infestation forced a quarantine on the cargo ports of Nal Hutta .
poke	James wonders if they should steal something , but Jessie and Meowth ignore him and continue watching .
poke	The heroes encounter the boy they helped at the lighthouse , named Thatcher , who joined a band of cheerleaders , named Pep Squad .
poke	Brock intimidates Norman , clarifying he promised to love Caroline when he married her and needs to apologize to her .
starwars	Nearly all of them were eventually killed in either internal fighting , or in Gamorrean attacks .
poke	Meanwhile , Ash , Brock and Birch wait for Oak and since they ca n't find him , Birch calls Joshua .
muppet	David Wheeler played Captain Selto Durka in the Farscape episodes `` Episode 105 PK Tech PK Tech Girl '' , `` Episode 115 Durka Durka Returns '' , `` Episode 220 Liars , Guns and Money Plan B '' .
poke	As Meowth argues with Jessie and James , Wobbuffet presses the button and destroys the computer .
muppet	Is it an idea to make a page that looks like Sesame Street Discography , but then with all the records and singles ordered by country
muppet	The Deliveryman is a male humanoid The Muppet who makes an appearance in Episode 17 of From the Statler
starwars	He also later wondered if a Wanderer Scout Surveyor droid , stripped of its scouting and medical subroutines , could store hidden data such as smuggling routes within its computer matrix .
poke	Ash knows well even if this battle is a favor and even if they lose it would be a draw , Ash decides to go for the top and win the battle .
poke	With Pikachu 's power and the lightning it struck , Groudon feels the attack and awakens .
poke	Vladimir tells Ash he needs to practice more for Aerial Ace to become automatic .
starwars	With the Battle of Praesitlyn considered to be his Jedi trial , Skywalker was then promoted to the rank of Jedi Knight .
muppet	Please stop creating a page for Whatsville . If its only `` mentioned '' and does not play an important part in the movie , like say Club Dot or The World in which Kermit was Never Born , then it does not need a page . --
starwars	Selestrine was greatly disheartened that she had yet again been cheated of her much-longed-for death .
starwars	In 3644 BBY , Doc encountered a Twi'lek doctor named Prudy on the planet Ord Mantell , and the two began a romantic relationship that soon resulted in their engagement .
poke	They reach a fork in the road , so Ash and May go left , since they are pretty much lost , anyway .
starwars	On the third Hammerhead corvette , Ryder attempted to force the ship to fly despite the gravity lock and engaged the thrusters , toppling the second AT-AT with the force generated from them .
muppet	In a 1998 interview , Jerry Juhl discussed guest stars considered for The Muppet Show who never appeared , and recalled that `` Frank Sinatra was another one we had really tried to bring on but never happened . ''
poke	Caroline , Norman 's wife , greets them as well , but something troubles her as well .
starwars	Happy-Bore Medicated Dewormer was one type of dewormer .
muppet	I also found an ascap entry for a `` Classification Song '' -- https//www.ascap.com/repertory # ace/search/workID/330215806
starwars	There , Maul was to seek out arms manufacturer Iram Radique , and use the Bando Gora to acquire a weapon with which to kill Darth Plagueis .
poke	Brock decides to go with May to buy supplies , while Ash goes with Max and they all promise to meet up at the museum .
starwars	However , following the final battle of Ruusan , Makashi was left obsolete ; the dueling-centric form lacked proper blast-deflect techniques to make it a practical fighting method against criminals , and the number of active lightsaber-wielding Darksiders to engage was practically nil .
muppet	`` If I Loved You '' is a show tune from the 1945 Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein Hammerstein musical Carousel . The song was performed by Miss Piggy and Josh Groban on Up Late with Miss Piggy in The Muppets The Muppets episode `` Episode 102 Hostile Hostile Makeover . ''
starwars	For instance , he was capable of creating and manipulating water currents through use of the Force for both offensive and defensive purposes .
starwars	The three temples were next to each other , with a larger temple in the middle and two smaller ones on either side .
starwars	Often these UCS models come with a fact sheet with ship specifications and a display stand , both made of LEGO ( information on sheet is on a sticker placed on LEGO pieces ) .
poke	Nurse Joy thinks he might be on his favorite spot at the abandoned power plant , so everyone goes there to tell him the truth .
starwars	Further changes were made for the films ' initial DVD release in September 2004 .
poke	Ash , James and Brock are being chased by the Aron again , but Jessie and May fall onto them .
starwars	Beniko and Shan 's group is unable to prevent the resulting battle between fleets commanded by Darth Marr and Grand Master Shan , but after disabling the Revanites ' signal jammer on Razorback Island , Beniko and Shan are able to report the situation , and the Republic and Imperial forces disable the Revanite traitors among them .
poke	She decides to allow Timmy to continue entering the Contests as long as he does his homework .
starwars	Sconto harbored resentment towards the Jedi for their perceived treachery against the clones and held them responsible for his death .
poke	Jessica orders it to use Sacred Fire , to which Seviper is very confused , since it does not know the move .
muppet	Fraggle Rock Complete Third Season was released in Australia . As with the Australian releases of other seasons , it has all episodes and no bonus features .
poke	Torkoal starts the battle with Body Slam , but Lombre narrowly dodges the attack .
muppet	Hello . Am I the only one having an issue with newly loaded/added thumbnails right now ? They dont appear on the pages . Only the full-sized pictures . Justin 0458 , February 16 , 2010
poke	Fortunately , Ash 's Bulbasaur returns and teams up with May 's Bulbasaur to find Team Rocket .
poke	James is surprised Jessie is n't thinking about the Contest , but she plans on selling the Pokéblocks to buy the island with the money .
starwars	Similar to Taris , the planet Alderaan is home to numerous references to other continuity : the Alderaanian noble House Ulgo includes the character Trask Ulgo from `` Knights of the Old Republic '' , and the insectoid Killiks as well as Houses Organa and Thul are all elements that have been part of `` Star Wars '' canon for over a decade .
poke	Mr. Moore explains to Flannery she did n't learn to keep calm during the battle and was too hasty .
muppet	In Episode 317 Spike episode 317 of The Muppet Show , a Scotsman interrupts Dr. Teeth and the Electric The Electric Mayhems performance of `` America ( West Side America '' by playing the song on his bagpipes .
poke	So , Sigourney tells them they need to get it to the mountain peak and bring it into the stone Poké Ball .
muppet	Sony Wonder is the current distributor of Sesame Street videos and albums . Sony has been releasing Sesame Street videos and albums since 1995 .
starwars	It turned into a tense standoff , with the Jedi igniting their lightsabers , until Cassis intervened , pleading with the two groups to work together .
starwars	When he awoke , he was back at the monastery with no memory of his visions and brief fall to the dark side .
muppet	The films were animated using the Scanimate process at Computer Image in Denver , Colorado in September 1970 . Jerry Juhl wrote the scripts ,
muppet	Brad was doing the moving . I was just making a page . Ill reply in a second . --
starwars	The `` Rebel One '' later took part in the battle of Deepspace Besh after the Rebel Fleet was ambushed .
starwars	After visiting the local Imperial Mission 's house , Adare provided Blue with the trivalve assembly , despite knowing that she was lying about her identity .
starwars	The Ultragungan Lair appeared in the 2003 video game `` Star Wars Galaxies : An Empire Divided '' , a developed by Sony Online Entertainment and published by LucasArts , prior to its closure on December 15 , 2011 .
muppet	Vincent Grass is a Belgian character actor who dubbed Gobo Fraggle in the Fraggle Rock French co-production of Fraggle Rock , as well as Philo and Gunge and Convincing John . Fluent in French , English , and The Dutch , Grass has had an active international career , on and off camera . In 2008 , Grass received his highest profile English-speaking role to date , co-starring as Doctor Cornelius in The Walt Disney Disneys The Lion , the Witch , and the The Chronicles of Narnia Prince Caspian .
poke	Meanwhile , Team Rocket is chased by a Magneton and are blown away by one of its attacks .
poke	Meowth thinks that if they give Swablu to the boss , he would sleep carelessly on its fluffy wings , while Swablu uses Sing .
poke	The latter shows them where it found the berries and Jessie , James and Meowth go to eat them .
poke	May apologizes and says Brock does it when he sees a beautiful girl , but the woman starts laughing to hear she is beautiful .
poke	Max shows May a picture of all Nurse Joys in Hoenn , saying they all look the same .
muppet	Hey , I saw that you deleted the page for Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , and you said it just repeated info from another page . Wasnt there a picture , eka box and songwriter box on it ? I could probably make it a little longer if you wanted . --
muppet	In Episode 104 John Episode 104 , its revealed that van Neuter is married to Mulch ’ s sister , the `` beautiful '' Composta Heap . Later , in Episode 208 The Cameo episode 208 , Dr. Phil finds out that Zelda Rose is his mother .
starwars	It began when the workers of Edic Bar were unexpectedly given the day off because they had finished production for the first operative G-59 Cannibalizer unit .
muppet	Thanks everybody
starwars	Naga fled to Ralltiir in a stolen ship to inform Black Sun head Alexi Garyn of the attack , unaware that Darth Maul had let him live only to track him to the Black Sun leaders .
starwars	Onboard the `` Ghost '' , Ezra sees Zeb 's pod launching and tries to raise him on his comlink , but gets no answer .
muppet	If confirmed , thats not the same as the Creature Shop . Please respond rather than readding info . This has to be discussed so we know what your sources are .
poke	Birch tastes the water : it is similar to the water on Island C , so he also takes a sample .
poke	Meowth translates that they need to go or else , but before Team Rocket can do anything , Skarmory cuts the balloon , blasting Team Rocket away .
poke	Erica realizes that Wailord will have trouble in an area without water , so she orders Jynx to attack with Psychic .
muppet	The Standard Rich and Famous Contract is the contract given to the Muppets by Lew Lord at the end of The Muppet Movie . Details of the contract are explained by Statler and Waldorf in The Muppets The Muppets when Tex Richman buys the theater The Muppets are allowed to buy back the theater if they can raise the $ 10 million needed . Additionally , the contract gives Richman the rights to the Muppets names as well as the theater .
starwars	Unknowingly following in her grandfather 's footsteps , Veila joined Luke Skywalker 's New Jedi Order when her suitability for Jedi training was detected .
muppet	The Muppet Show Comic Book continued the show in comic forum , including a story arc where the Muppets take their show The Muppet Show Comic Book On the on the road . Illustrated installments of the Muppets stage show also appeared in The Muppet Show Book , Bo Saves the Show and The Phantom of the Muppet Theater .
poke	Then May faces off against Joshua and after some battles , she pulls off a win .
poke	Max walks away , while Officer Jenny meets up with the inventor and the man , stating she heard talk of someone infiltrating the Devon Corporation .
starwars	Together they killed all but one of the detectives in the station , cutting off his hand .
muppet	Thats a great pic , Melissa , and has Zoe as a bird as well ! If you could grab any of the rest of the cast , and if theres any miscellaneous Muppets in the special not listed in the page , wed be ever so grateful .
starwars	Hylo 's band of smugglers recruited pirates and mercenaries to aid them and , with financial backing from the criminal Hutt Cartel , began to assemble a fleet of massive freighters loaded with cargo from across the Outer Rim Territories .
poke	Jessie and James appear before the Gym , planning on stealing Solrock and Lunatone .
starwars	Graal 25
poke	Team Rocket watches , so Meowth wants to capture the Surskit and give it to the boss , as when he would wake up being stressed and go to the balcony to have some sunshine on his face , but without sunshine , he would see the Surskit , cheering him up .
starwars	Starkiller ( starship )
muppet	Just wondering since Scooter now has a permanant performer in David Rudman , should the Performer box at the top of the page have David Rudman
muppet	Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch Camping in Canada is a Sesame Street album which was released only in Canada in 1981—a year before Big Bird went to Camp Echo Rock on the show .
poke	Ash thinks they should battle and capture it , but Brock reminds them that Snorlax recovers when it is asleep .
starwars	During the invasion of Taris , Jicoln Cadera kept a camp there .
muppet	Hotel Furchester is the Polish dub of The Furchester Hotel , broadcast on the Polish CBeebies channel beginning on September 14 , 2015 .
poke	Jessie assures them he ignored `` that loser '' , while James tells them he quickly defeated the opponent .
starwars	Its role was to deploy walkers—legged armored cavalry vehicles—onto planetary surfaces .
poke	Meanwhile , underwater in Team Rocket 's Magikarp submarine , Meowth sees his enemies eating , as Meowth is also hungry .
starwars	The Zillo Beast was stunned using Republic stun tanks , and the beast was transported to Coruscant for controlled research .
starwars	DX-M2
poke	On Ash 's order , Corphish goes to help them , but it accidentally cuts the string .
poke	Sara believes Col. Hansen was plotting to steal Togepi and make himself the King , making Max wonder what power does Togepi have .
muppet	In The Woozle World , Jim Jim Hensons original concept and pitch for the show , Doozers were referred to by the placeholder name of `` Wizzles '' . Jocelyn Stevenson recalls that various names were considered , including Workalots , Drudgies , and Rgllmzaxpoops , before settling on Doozers .
starwars	As the rebels entered Blackart 's domain , Raggold shot and killed himself , upon realizing what his victory would ultimately entail .
starwars	For killing the Progenitor , Revan is banned from visiting Manaan again on pain of death .
muppet	CTW consultant Gerald S. Lesser and other researchers paid particularly close attention to James Earl Jones appearance , in terms of childrens response and the effectiveness of his alphabet recitation . Lesser described the basic performance as follows
poke	Mawile takes Lombre 's hand , but when Lombre moves away , she starts to attack him , so Lombre runs away .
starwars	Lord Maddor Rist then contacted the Hunter via hologram and presented him a job offer to kill all of House Girard .
poke	Jessie sends Seviper and attacks Volbeat , but Illumise uses Sweet Scent to attract the Volbeat to her , causing Seviper to miss .
poke	Ash 's friends know Ash has wanted a Gym Battle for some time , while Ash thinks this will be an easy win , since this is Flannery 's first battle as the Gym Leader .
muppet	Hey , Wendy , since were finding all these weird things that I dont quite know what to do with , can you make an image chamber just for records , or does everything have to go in the same place ? I just didnt want to have to comb through all sorts of other things to look for things that weve found . Let me know what you think . --
poke	Meowth and James plan on having a feast , but Jessie wants to live on a tropical island , on which she can eat anything at any time , impressing Meowth and James .
poke	Ash pulls Pikachu out , who has fainted , while more Gulpin fall from the vents .
muppet	Has anyone seen the `` Sesame Street Games Channel '' ? The company that made it went bankrupt . -- Zanimum 1424 , May 29 , 2010
poke	Since the scientists refuse such an offer , one of the Grunts codes the machine to produce lightning .
poke	They wait for a while , and while the heroes are amazed by Drake , a giant ship sails to them .
muppet	It appears to be broken , since every page
starwars	Glurrgs stood and walked in a hunched-over stance , propping their arms against their legs when idle .
poke	Natalie , however , is walking to find the berries , since she promised Brock she 'd find the berries .
starwars	However , Jacen had gained a much deeper connection with the Force , releasing himself to its purity ; he met his opponent blow-for-blow , never making a mistake in his combat , keeping Onimi constantly off balance , batting away his toxins harmlessly .
starwars	Beheboth : Blood and Water , Part 3 : The Tirrith Trap
muppet	Scooters position at The Muppet Theater is as general aide and gofer episode , but his proper introduction , including his hiring and identification as J.P. Grosses nephew , occurs in Episode 106 Jim episode 106 . Scooters family connections served as a running gag , especially during the first season .
poke	May feels nervous and wonders if she should even enter , though Grace laughs at that .
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 0015 , 29 March 2006
poke	May urges Beautifly to fly up , but Ash and Max remind her she needs to calm down .
muppet	In the episode `` Muffin Buffalo , '' lead character Jaye is playing Pictionary with her family and her friend Pat . While Jayes sister draws frantically , Pat shouts out guesses as to what shes drawing `` Its a frog ! Hes singing ! Rainbow Connection ! ``
muppet	No , your username is fine . But since you edited anonymously , no one knew it was you . Its all good . Scott
starwars	Following the battle , the control of Borosk and its system would go back and forth between Fel and the Sith Empire .
muppet	Its possible that I am the only person who cares about these categories , but I want to check before I start going nuts with these . Does anybody have a feeling about it ?
poke	Brock explains that when Treecko was in air , the Thunderbolt had much more effect , as usually electricity is absorbed into the ground .
starwars	Vice General was a rank used by the military of the Galactic Empire .
poke	Ash asks Treecko to come down for lunch , but it takes a branch and spends some time alone .
muppet	The idea for The Jim Henson Hour was first made by Henson to NBC head Brandon Tartikoff on August 22 , 1987 . Tartikoff liked the idea enough that he asked Henson to prepare a formal proposal and pitch reel—which NBC paid for—that Tartikoff could share with other network executives .
muppet	Frequently , the pun of `` herd '' and `` heard '' has been used by the Muppets in several productions , mainly pertaining to cows , but also referring to other groupings of animals as well . The typical exchange is as follows
starwars	Bucket later returned to the garage only to find BB-8 sporting his missing helmet .
muppet	`` Hawaiian Cowboy '' is sung by Chris Langham with some Hawaiian pigs and penguins on Episode 519 Chris episode 519 of The Muppet Show .
poke	Ash , however , is at the greenhouse with Norman 's Pokémon and faces Team Rocket , who wants to steal them .
starwars	Gritty Visions : An Interview With Sean Glenn
poke	Ash wonders what attacks Beautifly can use , so Max remembers it can use Stun Spore and Gust .
poke	As he stands up , he sees a tent , revealing to be a cage full of injured Ekans .
starwars	The city was also home to the prestigious concert hall known as the Holosseum in which holostar Javul Charn performed in 2 BBY .
starwars	In it , the heroes travel through a dense jungle planet on `` jet-sticks . ''
starwars	Flinching in shock and pain , Maul fell silently backwards into the shaft , his two halves separating .
muppet	Hi , Michael -- Thanks for all your help with the Sesame pages ! Earlier today , you added some pages to the Street Episode Sesame Street Episode Guide category that shouldnt be in there yet ... Were only putting episodes in the Episode Guide category when we have a full page , with pictures of all the Street scenes . Just wanted you to know ... --
starwars	Dameron was then told that he would be grounded for the time being .
starwars	Teacher 's cabin
starwars	The heroes eventually escaped and met Jedi Master Ki-Adi-Mundi , who warned them to hurry back to the Cularin system , as he had had a premonition through the Force of Almas burning .
muppet	Hey Enrique , I got the guide for that episode all set . I just need some help with some of the descriptions for the scens Alex
muppet	For the first ten episodes of the show , Miss Piggy enters at the end to take the only thing left , Kermits cup of coffee ; Kermit sighs and delivers the line `` its time to get things started '' . Starting in Episode 111 Swine the 11th episode , the ending was altered to have Piggy bring the ravaged Kermit a cup of coffee . Kermit smiles and delivers the line `` its time to get things started '' in a more upbeat manner .
muppet	Are those characters really supposed to be the established Herry and Beautiful Day , or was it just early enough on that they were being used as ancillary puppets ? Scott message me )
poke	The Ancient Pokémon they have is Kyogre , which is useless to them , but Maxie also knows Team Aqua have a Groudon .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , causing the Light Stone glow and Team Rocket blasts off .
muppet	Later in his career , Tilden shifted from performing to working as location manager on such films as House of Sand and Fog and Ugly , as well as the series Law
muppet	This was commented out within the page , but Ill stick it here too so its not hidden away The following costume requires a separate page when company is identified . --
poke	They hear something and the Sableye licks Brock 's neck as well , frightening him .
poke	May tells their destination is Fallarbor Town , where May 's going to another Pokémon Contest .
poke	He is saved by a Fishing Master named Sullivan who has spent years trying to catch the giant Whiscash .
poke	Ash and Pikachu arrive as well , pointing at the screen that it is the final round , with Drew 's Masquerain battling Savannah 's Lairon .
poke	However , Taillow and Forretress help Treecko by attacking Seviper , using Wing Attack and Spikes .
muppet	File Street `` Fun Fun Elmo , '' A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode Episode 12
starwars	Eventually , the Jedi Knight Samuro recognized the threat that Rajine posed and imprisoned her in a city on a remote planet .
poke	Suddenly , the men in red enter the base , who are the same ones Team Rocket encountered .
starwars	They could be found on astromech droids , most notably the R2-series astromech droid .
muppet	Jim Henson began to explore a marriage of digital animation and puppetry with the development of the Henson Digital Puppetry System . Using what he knew from the Waldo , Henson joined forces with Pacific Data Images to create Waldo C. Graphic , a digitally animated character for The Jim Henson Hour and Muppet * Vision 3D .
poke	The attack is not strong enough , so Gordon sends Heracross who uses Hidden Power to push the boulder .
starwars	DXR-4 reactor
poke	Meowth thinks they should dig holes to trap their enemies , as they wo n't notice when they 're eating .
muppet	As for Rowlfs eyes , Im not sure how else to explain it other than to say his eyes appear a different color because the lighting in the room made them appear to have a yellowish tone .
muppet	Do you mean all episodes post season 3 ? Or leave out the ones on the Time Life DVDs , which arent in print , so theyre technically not available .
starwars	Vered
starwars	They use the intelligence to raid the Separatist base and free the prisoners .
muppet	Produced by Carbon Media , the segment was filmed in the Australian outback featuring children from the Yipirinya school in Alice Springs .
poke	Meowth and James are startled , but Jessie claims Wurmple just has an appetite .
starwars	The Revenants attacked Spacestation 1138 to free prisoners , then fought Sabaoth Squadron on Maramere .
starwars	Naare then used her Force powers to destroy most of Graballa 's pursuing starfighters .
poke	Jessie and James use a giant net to get Bagon and Meowth , but Meowth changes direction , goes through several bushes and hits into a tree .
starwars	General Vernan served as the first Chief of Intelligence , and was replaced after his death by General Airen Cracken , who filled the post until the organization evolved into the New Republic Intelligence Service .
muppet	I would like to propose a new category Birds
muppet	Hey Enrique , do you know how to make any of those templates that some guides on this site have Alex
poke	Anthony orders Flamethrower , Thunderbolt and Water Gun , so Meowth thinks Pelipper is having an identity crisis , as Pelipper launches all the attacks .
muppet	What are these from ? Is this just a collection of quotes , or are they full transcripts ? Scott
poke	Meanwhile , Seviper uses Poison Tail , Cacnea uses Needle Arm and Meowth uses Fury Swipes .
muppet	Notes The plot to this episode would later be repeated in Episode 1164 , with different inserts .
starwars	He then fought alongside Aphra and her droids against Cylo 's forces .
starwars	Tenebrae 's curse was unleashed concurrently with the Battle of Zakuul .
poke	The heroes encounter the destroyed balloon , while the Bulbasaur see a Poké Ball Team Rocket dropped .
starwars	Soon , a fistfight broke out between the Boonta pilots who spent their time there .
starwars	D'harhan worked with Fett at multiple points in his career , including on Bellassa , hunting down the fugitive Jedi Obi-Wan Kenobi and Ferus Olin .
muppet	Brewer appeared on an episode of Mister Rogers Neighborhood
muppet	So my petition is Bring Back the Jim Henson Clay Animation Films Page ! It -- and other pages devoted to Sam the Snake et al -- was unfairly deleted for `` not being relevant to this Wiki . '' The time has come to correct this injustice !
muppet	Just to have it here for reference , a link to Big Bird on Hollywood Squares in 1976. http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tCIeAJ5hRfE Big Bird on Hollywood Squares External Link --
poke	Team Rocket spots Team Magma members running away and figures Team Magma got `` their treasure '' , so Team Rocket decides to steal it from them .
poke	Carvanha appear once more , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , subduing some of the Carvanha .
muppet	The information age is awesome ! '' -- http//www.tabithastgermain.com/meet-tabitha.html
muppet	What are some other concerns/guidelines we should raise ?
starwars	The Evasive-13 individual field disruptor was an individual field disruptor manufactured by Aeramaxis Technologies .
muppet	Exceeding boundaries means forfeiting the privilege to work on those redlinks so that wouldnt make much difference there .
starwars	Calling for the Imperials ' surrender , the Selonians were ready for combat nonetheless , and a fight eventually ensued .
poke	TV Tokyo claimed that those agreements allowed 4Kids to collect royalties without paying a portion of those royalties to TV Tokyo , which violates their original agreement .
starwars	However , Tano , along with two other previously captured Padawans , O-Mer and Jinx attacked the cruiser .
starwars	As it was originally designed as an advanced skyhopper capable of orbital operations , life support systems were added although the T-36 Skyfighter possessed a poor design that sacrificed everything else redundant to a limited fighter role , consequently neither hyperdrive engines were added nor deflector shields , but even the final frame lacked inertial dampers and landing gears .
starwars	He even went so far as to suggest that , since they had been standing there for some time and the plague had not affected them , this plague was really a warning from the dark side .
poke	Team Rocket is saved , but they still want Swablu , so Lombre and Mudkip use Water Gun to blast them off .
poke	Tommy explains Mrs. Grimm thought if Timmy was n't allowed to play with any Pokémon , then he would n't experience her sadness .
muppet	Ive been comparing the paperback edition with the hardcover , and they look like they have the same number of pages and page breaks . Does the paperback have an additional chapter as mentioned on its article page , or anything else added to it ? --
poke	Erica tells him `` that '' is what he meant by training separately , for she thinks Joshua likes May a lot .
starwars	T'less appeared only in , a installment released in 2003 and written by Sean Williams and Shane Dix .
poke	He is soon reminded that his brother Gordon went missing , since he could n't catch any Absol .
muppet	I learned two things from renting Zebrahead . # 1 Jason This is what Jason Willinger looks like . # 2 . Dont rent Zebrahead . --
muppet	This photo appears in a Sesame Street Magazine Japanese Sesame Street episode guide from July 1994 . The original puppet was used in that thumb
muppet	Im still not sure about the specials and some of the other stuff , though , and frankly I do still think it makes sense to apply it to individual characters , i.e . counting those who surfaced later in a Muppet Show-related project but not those who were just one shots especially since were excluding Emmet Otter and the like despite Kermit hosting that one as well , mostly because Henson kept ownership of Emmet . Thoughts ?
poke	Ash is not concerned , since he wants to win the fifth badge despite his popularity issues .
starwars	Signal jammer Delta was the designation of a signal jammer used by the Mantellian Separatist Movement during the civil war on the planet Ord Mantell .
starwars	He tried to arrest Corran Horn who was under disguise .
muppet	Does anyone know if http//www.consoleclassix.com/gameinfo_muppets_gbc.html this is a legit game ? Its listed on the site as GBC , which I assume is Game Boy Color . The title doesnt seem to match anything we have here . Scott
poke	The heroes meet up with Birch , who tells of his research , detecting on Dewford Island the Wingull build their nests at the cliffs .
poke	Pikachu and Breloom use Iron Tail , although Pikachu is pushed to a wall knowing his own Iron Tail is not strong enough .
starwars	Shortly after , gunships began landing at the docks and deployed standard clone troopers , and the Republic managed to quickly capture the area .
poke	Tate and Liza agree , since the only different thing is the area , so Ash accepts .
poke	Samantha tells them Mawile changed many crushes on Pokémon , seeing she will never change .
starwars	Malrev IV was a planet located in the Thrasybule sector of the Outer Rim Territories .
poke	The heroes arrives to Rustboro Hall , to which Ash mistakes that they are in Rustboro City , but Max corrects him that they are near it .
starwars	Cady helped the princess prepare for her coronation , an event that ultimately ended in the pair escaping the Pijali palace 's Celestial Chalice after Fanry 's violent seizure of absolute power resulted in the injury of Deren , the ruler 's loyal royal guard captain .
muppet	The show opened on October 1 , 2001 , replacing Bear in the Big Blue House Live on Stage . While the new show still prominently featured Bear , Tutter , Treelo , Pip and Pop , and Ojo , it also included a rotating cast of characters from Winnie the The Book of Pooh and other popular Playhouse Disney shows .
muppet	Camilla the Chicken is the love of Gonzos life . Her proper introduction on The Muppet Show is in Episode 318 Leslie episode 318 when she and Gonzo have their first date , and it leads to trouble . She was previously seen and mentioned by name in Episode 305 Pearl episode 305 during the jousting scene , and in Episode 309 episode 309 when Gonzo attempted to audition her and another chicken named Nellie for Liberaces concert .
poke	Tommy , however , reminds her wife of her own involvement with Pokémon back then .
poke	Suddenly , May hears Drew training his Masquerain , who uses Quick Attack , followed with Bubble .
poke	Elsewhere Jessie is still in denial of the fact that her `` Silcoon '' is really a Cascoon .
starwars	The spikes on the armor were also capable of being used as weapons of last resort , if they were used properly .
poke	They spot one another 's new Pokémon , and while May orders Bulbasaur to meet Drew , Bulbasaur ignores her .
starwars	Marvel Entertainment is a comic-book , film , and television subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company .
starwars	The Riileb homeworld was within Hutt Space ; however , after its discovery by Nimbanese scouts working for the Hutts , the Riilebs refused to bow down to the Hutts and serve them .
poke	Jessie shushes Meowth down and chooses a way , saying it is `` woman 's intuition '' .
muppet	Those archives also did something unusual Bag is called `` she '' in first season summaries , which is kind of neat . In second season summaries , the pronoun is `` he . '' Carelessness or gender shift of a burbling object ? Who knows . Anyway , online presskit text below for the sock puppets .
starwars	Hondo encountered a new challenge in the form of the renegade Sith Lord Maul and his brother Savage Opress , who attempted to recruit Ohnaka 's gang into an army that would serve the brothers .
poke	Thus , Pikachu is put in a cage , while Ash , Max and Marius are trapped in a cage as well .
poke	Max is searching on PokéNav , but spills his drink over it , destroying the device .
muppet	The moon , due to its round shape and topographical craters which at times resemble facial features , has often prompted anthropomorphic representations , such as The Man in the Moon and the moon in `` Elmos World Sky . '' It is believed that the one true moon is in fact Luna , good friend to Bear on Bear in the Big Blue House . The moon , in its crescent phase , resembles a letter C. It is not , however , a cookie .
poke	Erica tells Joshua to go with her to sign for the Pacifidlog Contest , though Joshua tells her May is coming as well , being a Coordinator herself .
poke	Beautifly uses String Shot to bounce the frisbee back at May , who has thrown to it .
muppet	This is very important to me ... Youre help would be very appreicated . I have searched through all the episodes ... I dont know if I may of missed it ... If this sounds familiar let me know . Thanks . -Corry .
poke	The girl demands to know why they attacked Baltoy , so Ash explains that it would 've gone to the cliff .
starwars	For the mission the pod was towed into the star system by a T-70 X-wing starfighter piloted by Karé Kun and the pod was piloted by Temmin Wexley , after finishing the scanning of Starkiller Base the pod was picked up by the X-wing on the other side of the entry point .
muppet	Cookie Monsters Valentine to Betty Lou shows how his core passion overrides his sense of rhyme scheme and logical progression `` Me love circus , Me love zoo . But most of all , Me love COOKIE ! ''
muppet	File Is All-In On Optimism Muppet Thought of the Week by The Janice
muppet	As I see it there are several types of franchises connected with The Jim Henson Company
muppet	File Cadabby , Red Fraggle and Fozzie Bear appear at the opening of The Jim Henson Exhibition on July 20th ,
muppet	After reading the article on My Fair Lady , I remembered that Episode 4081 of Sesame Street included a parody of `` The Rain In Spain '' . The key lines were `` The pig is big and did a wiggly jig '' , but I need to know more about the character who sang the song to Rosita . He was a new , one-shot Muppet loosely based on Professor Higgins from the movie ; does anyone else have more information on him , so I can add that reference in the article ? -- Ingeborg 1935 , 12 October 2007
poke	Snorunt uses Icy Wind , but Jessie 's Wobbuffet redirects the attack to Snorunt and the others with Mirror Coat .
starwars	However , a Jedi woman named Naare came to their rescue and drove off the stormtroopers with her blue lightsaber .
starwars	If the players surrender to Hosh , the commander fulfills his promises .
muppet	And no , I did not write the pages that got deleted . I have no idea who did . But whomever it was , I hope they see this and are encouraged to try to submit it again . You have my full support , good sir or madam !
muppet	Hi Im looking for the following episodes of sesame street 2475,2931,3742,3048,3137 , and 3465 . If anybody knows where I could watch them online for free or if someone could put them on dvd Id gladly pay them . Thanks !
starwars	Tuvvet
starwars	HK-Taskmaster
muppet	Hey , Matt ! I thought of mentioning it on your talkpage first , but Im busy with the Fraggle Rock Season 2 DVDs
starwars	The listing of known ships is controversial since `` Binder '' , `` Constrainer '' , and `` Sentinel '' were labeled as Interdictors , and presumed to be Immobilizer 418 cruisers in the novels .
muppet	Lopez commented on creating Kermit , Prince of Denmark , which was very loosely based on Hamlet
muppet	The chain had a line of products called Kermit the Frog and Friends , launched in November 1999 .
starwars	One such Wookiee was the youngling Gungi .
poke	The heroes also wave goodbye to Sharpedo , while Ash and Pikachu ready themselves for the Gym Battle tomorrow .
starwars	Vicrul lunged at her , swinging his scythe in an attempt to cut her down at Ren 's furious command , but before he could strike , Vicrul was kicked in the face by Voe , and sent sprawling .
starwars	Featured in Star Wars Gamer 10 .
muppet	Mumu overhears the voice of Fughetta , and mistakes The Wild Impresario for a spook . Wild and Farkas call each other names and storm off in a huff . Wild expresses his disdain for Farkas to Riff and Fughetta . Fughetta repeats the `` sticks and stones '' motto , but Riff begs to differ `` Names are sounds , and sounds have a lot of power . '' This reminds Wild of a restaurant he and `` the woman of his dreams '' recently dined at , which `` lets you choose your own soundscape depending on how you feel '' - courtesy of The Como String Quartet , whose musical repertoire ranges from bouncy , to exotic , to hoedown . Now Riff knows where to take Mr. Bartlebaign for his birthday !
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 1704 , March 28 , 2009
starwars	Rejlii Mithel was a Human male who served in the armed forces of the Galactic Empire as a weapons technician specialized in tractor beam operation .
poke	Meowth claims they will try to steal from Norman the second time , thinking nobody is that dumb to attack the same place twice .
starwars	He traveled to Bothawui in his personal shuttle , accompanied by two of his Royal Guards , and personally slaughtered hundreds of Bothans .
muppet	Part 4 When Ernie returns , Bert has finished his ice cream and feels very sorry . But Ernie doesnt mind the ice cream truck passed by the bus stop , so he bought a new cone for himself .
starwars	Yonak submits to the droids and they fly their ship out of the hangar .
poke	Meowth thinks if they capture Absol as well , the boss would n't be pleased as his day would be ruined by the Absol .
starwars	Berema was a gambler who lived during the time of the Galactic Civil War .
starwars	Joanne D'antonio
muppet	You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 1225 , 23 March 2006
muppet	Rena Owen is a New Zealand Māori film actress who played Crazy Norma in the 2005 Jim Hensons Creature Creature Shop movie Mee-Shee The Water Giant .
starwars	On Dantooine , campers ' had charred kath hound shanks for sustenance .
muppet	Hey Matt -- Just an FYI . We use image thumbnails that are 300px wide , so you have to add a little extra bit in the image tags . This is what the code should look like
starwars	However , Rinnrivin and most of his henchmen managed to flee offworld .
starwars	Not one member of the Battle Group offered protest .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but the attack is deflected due to the mirror Team Rocket has added to the machine .
poke	Millie mentions that the vents are connected to the room they are in , so Castform will arrive to them .
muppet	The seasons main focus is `` The Science of Discovery , '' featuring many story lines pertaining to the excitement of discovering science . The season also features the `` Slimey in Space '' story line , told over the course of the 18-week season .
starwars	Seeing that Soldier did not harm Idi-Shael when he had the chance and hearing that Soldier had not personally killed any innocents on Fhost , Korr believed Soldier 's intentions , and the four—Korr , Idi-Shael , Soldier and Grace—attempted to make their way back to `` Junker '' .
poke	While all three manage to pass the first round , May 's Bulbasaur becomes nervous , which shakes May 's victory .
muppet	hello to you , your stuff looks great and full of such wonderful stuff . would you happen to have any sesame street tapes , im looking for episode 2282 , and 1845 , both with doctor noble making his discovery , and if you have them both , how do people ask you for them , or do you set up deals with people about how to purhcase such things , but nice to meet you . -- Lost1983 7 December 2007
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Scarecroe Talk ) 0512 , June 18 , 2010
muppet	Roger is a Whatnot sound engineer in The Muppet Show Episode 313 Helen episode 313 . Working in The Recording the recording studio during Helen Helen Reddys performance of `` Blue Blue , '' the recording director asks him how theyre doing on sound . Roger notes that Animals a little loud on the drums .
poke	The old woman claims they could battle the entire Vinstrate family : Vicky ( the grandma ) , Victor , Victoria and their daughter , Vivi .
poke	Pikachu uses Iron Tail , but the attack is cancelled when the vehicle 's arm hurts him .
poke	Surskit uses Quick Attack , so May tells Bulbasaur to wait until it comes to it .
starwars	Access to the quadrant was dangerous due to the presence of the Galactic Empire .
muppet	I dont recall the name of the purple pirate puppet . And , oddly , hes nowhere to be found in the batch of artwork that I have . If Im able to dig anything up , Ill be sure to add it . Tutter 0313 , 7 May 2007
poke	Pikachu smells someone 's smell , so Max thinks it must be Steven , who passed by .
poke	Meowth knows their leaves on their heads are important and , since Corphish damaged one Nuzleaf 's leaf , the Nuzleaf are preparing to burn them .
muppet	The indoor ride will revolve around Elmo and Super Grover dealing with a worldwide spaghetti abduction caused by mysterious green tractor beams .
muppet	`` Workin at the Car Wash Blues '' was performed by Gonzo in a car with a bunch of chickens in Episode 507 Glenda episode 507 of The Muppet Show .
poke	Jessie is troubled how much they have to wait to catch Swablu , but James and Meowth remind her Swablu 's wing has to be healed before they can steal it .
poke	The Professor tells the heroes it was his dream to revive those Pokémon , for he is an expert on Ancient Pokémon .
poke	May and Brock wonder if Treecko is the best Pokémon Ash could use in this match .
poke	Skarmory attacks May and her Pokémon , so Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , electrocuting Skarmory .
starwars	The Kubaz provided the Hutt Cartel with information that he gathered while undercover in both the Republic and the Empire , allowing the Cartel to take advantage of the warring galactic powers .
muppet	Wendy , I know its tough to be caught between Muppet Wiki and your job , but I have a few questions
poke	However , May rides off , as she finds it hard to be in one place for too long .
muppet	In February 2013 , production designer Eve Stewart let slip that she was working on a scene featuring Miss Piggys Muppets Most Wanted Wedding Seating wedding at the Tower of London .
poke	Brock and Ash know how to make holes , since they have been falling into them for such a long time .
starwars	It was specially modified for service on Jabiim , presumably adapted to the planet 's perpetual rainstorms .
starwars	When the lubricant had heated enough , R5-D4 purposely discharged the power , causing his head plate to fly off .
starwars	The creature slowly drained its victim of their thoughts and experiences , eventually leaving their target as an empty husk .
muppet	Randall also surfaced in the Bear in the Big Blue House episode `` Episode 202 Raiders of the Lost Raiders of the Lost Cheese '' and on Sesame Street , backing Jill Scott on `` We Are All Earthlings We Are All Earthlings '' , where his realistic eyes were replaced with Anything Anything Muppet-like eyes 3981 } } , and a The Letter of the Letter of the Day segment in Episode 4274 .
muppet	However my ref tags were removed . Is there a reason that these statements dont not need to be cited so others know where the information behind these claims came from ? --
muppet	The commercial was directed by Kirk Thatcher https//twitter.com/KirkThatcher/status/437099820306542592 as referenced here !
starwars	During his questioning of Kwaad , she stated that she believed that Master Shaper Ahsi Yim , who had been assisting Nen Yim , had played a part in Nen Yim 's disappearance .
poke	Max , Meowth , Torchic and Corphish try to find others and come to dead end , where they face Breloom once more .
poke	With the help of Torkoal and Bulbasaur , the heroes manage to push Camerupt on the shore .
muppet	As a teenager , Tartaglia danced as Cookie Monster and Oscar the Grouch at Sesame Place . He subsequently began on Sesame Street at the age of 16 , performing background characters and assisting .
muppet	The articles claims that Panwapa would be released on home video , but Amazon turns up nothing . I presume this was just a presumptative guess by Sesame Workshop , that fell through when this series launch didnt get any real fanfare from the media . Is it safe to delete that sentence ? -- Zanimum 1406 , 27 July 2009
poke	While Ash and Brock are eating , are eating , Max thinks May should have taken Torchic with her , rather than leave it .
poke	In the next town , Team Rocket takes Mawile , but ends up taking Lombre by mistake .
muppet	Heres a list Im parking here for appearances we dont have on the wiki yet . Most of it comes from http//www.angelfire.com/mt/muppetdanny/mupuktv.txt this .
starwars	Instead he is told to go the western ridge .
starwars	The five students grew up together , and by 3969 BBY they were all moved to train as Padawans at Taris ' Jedi Tower .
muppet	I Got this Information from Elmo and Friends http//www.elmoandfriends.com/tyco/93440/93440.html Here is a SesameStreetsBIGGESTFAN 0014 , July 20 , 2010
poke	However , he also notes there is but one more Contest before that : in the Pacifidlog Town , marking either May wins it or she can not enter the Grand Festival .
muppet	It looks like `` Gordon and Elmo - Live ! '' is actually a larger thing than just this benefit -- heres a Google search for http//www.google.com/search ?
starwars	He wielded a blue-bladed crossguard lightsaber with a collapsible physical crossguard that folded up when the weapon was turned off .
poke	Ken and Mary let them pass , but suspect they hide something , so they assemble a machine to get a mystical Pokémon .
starwars	Unidentified rogue Jedi
starwars	The character later received an entry in `` The Complete Star Wars Encyclopedia '' in 2008 .
starwars	Included in the qahsa was Yu'shaa 's plea , Coruscant 's planetary defenses , and times Yu'shaa could meet them .
muppet	I know that there are a number of deaf people who can read lips and I know Marlee Matlin is one of them but I didnt know Linda Bove was one of them too until she told Snuffy in the Snuffleupatale Theatre sketch .
starwars	With the attention of the galaxy focused on the new Chancellor , the death of Hego Damask II went barely noticed by the galaxy at large—a galaxy from which he had completely removed himself in his last twenty years .
muppet	Except for Episode 103 Joel Grey , all of these skits were shown right after the commercial break .
poke	Ash demands a battle , to which Wattson agrees , since he has not seen a challenger with that much enthusiasm in some time .
muppet	Hi , Danny . Ive noticed that when new pages are created , the edit summary just has `` new . '' Is that an automatic edit summary , or is that just the way the community would like it to be ? Thanks ! -- Matt H .
poke	Brock and May have come from shopping , although May 's a bit sick , since she has been shopping too much .
poke	Barring the involvement of cheat devices , the species of 'M with hex codice_1 can `` always '' be battled using the Old Man trick .
muppet	I noticed that on the `` Consider Yourself '' page that you listed other episodes of Sesame Street
starwars	Boba Fett 's armor was inherited from his clone template , Jango Fett , who received it from the Mandalorians after he became a foundling .
muppet	I cant really tell , but in Abby in Wonderland do Abby Abby Cadabbys hands switch to live hands for the close up shots of her using the key in the door
starwars	Durd contacted the Confederate leader , Count Dooku , via hologram to show him the weapon test .
starwars	Feeling compelled to follow them , she journeyed forward , although Nink refused to go with her .
poke	Flannery follows the man , who , upon entering the restroom , points at the safe , where the Gym Badges are .
poke	The heroes realize they are trapped , but Jessie yells on the phone , bashing and destroying it .
starwars	Steady-state Power Coupler
muppet	Saunders and Joanna Lumley , the stars of Absolutely Fabulous , were spoofed in the 1997 calendar Muppet Parody Calendar The Sequel .
starwars	`` Rebel Stand : Luke Skywalker 's daring mission to halt the Yuuzhan Vong 's nefarious plot to overthrow the New Republic is struggling on all fronts .
starwars	Tinta was a white , fluffy toy tauntaun , known to its owner , Jyn Erso , the daughter of Galen , and Lyra Erso , as a `` snow lizard '' .
starwars	The crew of the `` Pythea '' made contact with the planet Artorias , but they were intercepted and attacked by the Yuuzhan Vong fleet .
muppet	Im not familiar with this person . Should he go in the main Muppeteer category ? --
muppet	Unfortunately , I had to revert your edits to Eduardo Garza . `` Famous '' is a POV term , Four Fish Fly Free isnt a Muppet project , the other redlinks werent Muppet relevant , and we really need a source for saying he dubbed Big Bird in E. T. and most of the other credits you added , and Wikipedia isnt reliable on that score
muppet	Hooray for your banner ad connections ! --
starwars	It was planned as an interactive ride simulator attraction , where guests would have had the ability to choose the ride car 's route .
starwars	It was the site of incident in which an Imperial Star Destroyer drifted into one of the stars because a `` Galactic Weekly NewsStack '' posting overrode its command control systems .
starwars	The Jedi escaped aboard a Neimoidian shuttle while Grievous escaped aboard his Belbullab-22 starfighter `` Soulless One '' .
muppet	In episode 217 , Gonzo is briefly attracted to a live cow that appears backstage . However , Gonzos amorous desires are most often centered on chickens . This poultry passion first surfaced in Episode 204 Rich Episode 204 , when he held auditions for dancing chickens . Dave Goelz ad-libbed the line , `` Dont call us , well call you ... nice legs , though ! '' After this , the writers decided that Gonzo should have an attraction to chickens .
starwars	A guildmaster in Gree society was the head of a local guild present on a planet within the Gree Enclave .
starwars	During the Galactic Civil War , Hermos was the bodyguard of Nescan Tal'yo .
starwars	In 3 ABY , Captain Micha Evon of the Rebel Alliance 's 61st Mobile Infantry told the rebel First Sergeant Hazram Namir about Mount Arakeirkos and the clock built by the Arakein Monks .
muppet	I like the work you did on Episode 2938 and Episode 2228 . If you see any problems with the way Webkinz Mania writes the descriptions , feel free to replace them with your own .
poke	While the crowd is annoyed Meowth is running away , Jessie orders Meowth to transform ; Meowth does not know how to do it , but he remembers James using his belly as an device .
muppet	She appeared in the episode `` Episode 301 Siberian Tiger
poke	He claims his opponent lost his charm , but claims the ladies have n't lost theirs and kisses their hands , making them blush .
muppet	Mortimer P. Bellamy is Doug Dougs boss on Aliens in the Family . The CEO of Transglobal International , Mr. Bellamy periodically becomes involved in the Brodys antics . In Episode 101 Meet the the first episode , while on a palaydate with the Bellamy infant , Bobut brainwashes the boss into giving Doug a raise . For the remainder of the episode , Bellamy speaks in a mechanical voice .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Merrystar Talk ) 0136 , 7 August 2009
poke	Ash approaches Pikachu , who does not recognize Ash from all the electricity and uses Thunder .
starwars	Despite the `` X'us ' R'iia '' , Jakku 's storms , reshaping the terrain , the Crackle was one of the few constants on the planet .
starwars	In 14 BBY , a rebel cell created by the former Republic Intelligence Berch Teller began working with Imperial Vice Admiral Dodd Rancit in order to steal the `` Carrion Spike '' , the personal corvette of Moff Wilhuff Tarkin .
starwars	After Tano 's broken squadron returned to `` Resolute '' and the `` Redeemer '' was destroyed , Skywalker retreated into hyperspace , then contacted Masters Windu and Kenobi to inform them of his lack of progress and the casualties .
starwars	Lana accompanied the Commander to the `` Gravestone '' in a boarding pod and helped dispatch skytrooper patrols along their way to Koth , who revealed that Vaylin 's forces had taken over the bridge and now risked triggering the quantum bomb that he had installed as a precaution against SCORPIO .
muppet	Description Hey cha-cha , thats a lot of groovy gumballs ! Move them around so the colors match the columns and theyll slip out of the bottom . } }
muppet	Hi Nate I aggregated the two Nighthawks coloring book images into a one and made it the main picture , since its thus far the earlier known Sesame Street spoof of the painting . Hope you approve ) — Tom
poke	May points out she is the one entering , so the man remembers how nervous he was before his first Contest .
muppet	Ive been trying to figure out more about these and the film inserts .
starwars	The Pyke Syndicate also employed the services of several droids including the WDD adminmech DD-BD , the programming droid DA1-4XB , the labor droids J3-55 , CC-4M , and JBLX-24 , the protocol droid S1D6-SA-5 , the adminmech droids P0-03 and P1-SZE , the sifter droid C26-T , the messenger droid GOUD-4 , the astromech droids KR2-M80 and P6B-LT2 , the power droid MPH-11 and the repair assistant W1-EG5 .
muppet	Izzard also provided the voice of Elder Cadia in The Dark Crystal Age of Resistance .
muppet	File photo February 2 , 2014 } } Super Bowl commercial for Toyota link=Toyota
muppet	China , currently the Peoples Republic of China , is a nation state in East Asia , and the most populous country in the world . It has also been a popular location for Sesame Street productions , as well as a leading manufacturer and exporter of plush Muppet merchandise . The following is an attempt to trace the people and places of China as depicted within the realm of Sesame Street productions , including the special Big Bird in China , the Chinese co-productions Zhima Jie Zhima Jie , a Global Grover segment devoted to the nation , and other inserts and productions .
starwars	The fate of the `` Razor '' , which was carrying top secret data , pursued by a Star Destroyer and captured by its tractor beam , then ejecting the plans in an escape pod , is nearly identical to that of `` Tantive IV '' and the opening scenes of .
muppet	The `` Doozer Knitting Song '' is sung by the Doozers in the Fraggle Rock episode `` Episode 119 The Great Radish The Great Radish Famine . '' After Marjory the Trash the Trash Heap takes away all the radishes in the Gorgs garden in an attempt to unite the Fraggles , Doozers , and Gorgs , the Doozers have no Doozer sticks to build with , and instead turn to knitting to keep themselves busy . However they quickly become entangled in the piles of knittings and realized that they do not want to knit , they want to build .
starwars	Sending the `` Bellicose '' in 9 ABY , the world was taken by the Empire .
poke	May uses a toy , but the fuzzy part causes her to sneeze and drops the toy , so Max takes it to calm Skitty down .
poke	Meanwhile , a boy 's Nincada was captured by Team Rocket and it digs a hole to a temple .
poke	The girl appears before them , being very angry , whom Joshua recognizes her as Erica .
muppet	Gonzo I like any music as long as Im hanging upside down over an upturned jet engine while Im listening to it . I like funk , and theres lots of funk in Muppets from Space . Have I mentioned the movie opens tomorrow ? Well , it does . At a theater near you . Or go to a theater far away from you , if you prefer .
poke	Ash and Pikachu train , the latter has nearly mastered the Iron Tail move for the battle in Rustboro City 's Gym , with May , Max and Brock watching .
muppet	We have an entry here for `` Rub Your Tummy , Pat Your Head '' with eka 4040 , and another for `` Rub Your Tummy '' with eka 4101 . The descriptions and pictures are identical , but the picture itself appears to be from episode 4111 . Are these the same skit ? And is the song the same or different from the classic `` Rub Your Tummy '' ? ? --
starwars	Following Bespin 's occupation , the YT-1300 light freighter `` Millennium Falcon '' managed to escape from the planet 's Cloud City , resulting in Obsidian Squadron 's pursuit of the freighter into space .
starwars	Windu had already sent Jedi Knight Quinlan Vos to investigate , causing him to send additional Jedi to assist in the defeat of the reawakened Karkko .
poke	The heroes are lost in a forest , as Max 's PokéNav can not get a signal and Brock 's compass shows different directions .
poke	Brock notices Shauna uses brute force like Ash once used to , while Ash uses moves like he was dodging the waves .
poke	Jessie wonders why it wants to destroy the village , so Sigourney translates more of the text .
starwars	They had four legs that ended in sharp , curved talons , and their bodies were mostly covered in multi-colored feathers .
muppet	In The Jimmy Dean Show Episode the March 5 , 1964 episode , Rowlf the Dog plays a snippet of the song on Jimmy Deans guitar , before accidentally breaking it .
starwars	In addition , the settlements of Duny Gap and Shillagh Hollow were separated by a ridge from a valley where a farm owned by a family of farmers lay .
muppet	Sopwith the Camel was a seven-foot tall Muppet Bactrian Camel who , together with Helen Reddy , danced to `` Well Sing in the Sunshine '' for the closing number on Episode 313 Helen episode 313 of The Muppet Show .
starwars	The Galactic Republic first made contact with the Elomin in 120 BBY but with the Eloms only in 50 BBY .
starwars	Luke Skywalker ( Mark Hamill ) , C-3PO ( Anthony Daniels ) , and R2-D2 ( remote controlled ) have crash-landed on Earth and into the `` Muppet Show '' sets .
muppet	The transaction included all Muppet assets , including the Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy , Fozzie Bear , Gonzo and Animal characters , the Muppet film and television library , and all associated copyrights and trademarks , as well as all the Bear in the Big Blue House characters , television library , copyrights and trademarks . The transaction did not include the Sesame Street characters which are separately owned by Sesame Workshop , nor did it include Fraggle Rock , which The Jim Henson Company retained . The deal also included non-exclusive production and consulting agreements under which Henson would develop potential new programming featuring the Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House for Disney . But Sesame Workshop does have permission from Disney to use old Kermit segments from Sesame Street in new DVD releases , show several Kermit scenes on newer episodes , Play With Me Sesame , online , have Kermit make a new appearance on Elmos World Frogs and appear on the cover of Silly Storytime . Lionsgate got permission from Disney to use Muppet Show characters on the 2010 DVD release of Hensons Place .
muppet	Mel
poke	Team Rocket is satisfied , however , since they were tired of pretending to be winners .
starwars	Crown of Dubrillion appears in `` '' during the Smuggler mission .
muppet	A year after Jim Jim Hensons death , a short piece in TV Guide talked about plans for the Muppets return to television
muppet	Michelle Pfeiffer is a noted actress who has appeared in such films as The Witches of Eastwick , Batman Returns , and Dangerous Minds . She guest starred on Episode 101 Michelle episode 101 of Muppets Tonight .
muppet	A couple are blurry , but its enough to show its the same woman .
starwars	The artificial manifestation admitted that Starkiller was powerful in the dark side , but still considered the apprentice no match for him .
starwars	Like most vehicle and starship-mounted weaponry , flak cannons had a light , medium , and heavy model .
muppet	Sesame Street Live has traveled across North America since 1980 showcasing Street Stage full-bodied , walk-around versions of the Sesame Street characters . The property is also represented in the Sesame Place theme park in Langhorne , Pennsylvania , and a Plaza Sésamo theme park in Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , Mexico . Additionally , Sesame Street characters are a major prescence at Universal Studios theme parks in Universal Studios Japan and Universal Studios Singapore .
starwars	The Alkasaners Tribe was a tribe of castaways stranded in the Scatter on Iego .
starwars	The Rebellion , eager to claim the Star Core for themselves , established a base north of Restuss in preparation for a major assault on the city .
muppet	Global Thingy is a recurring animated sketch , initially alternating with `` Global Grover '' , introduced on Sesame Street in Season 34 Season 34 . The series of comic shorts focuses on diversity and cultural differences , and `` puts the emphasis on the importance of social reasoning , cooperation , sharing and empathy ''
poke	Flannery , despite sometimes acting a bit nervous , manages to display some clever moves to thwart Ash 's tactics and sends Torkoal , who switches offense and defense , pushing Ash to his limits .
starwars	Walwer Bealwo appeared aboard a starship in , the 2004 expansion pack for the 2003 video game `` Star Wars Galaxies : An Empire Divided '' , a developed by Sony Online Entertainment and published by LucasArts , prior to its closure on December 15 , 2011 .
muppet	If someone can upload better-quality screenshots for this episode , please update these . --
muppet	Part 1 The first word they talk about is RAN . While Herbert talks about how to make the word , Grover keeps running around the scene until he tires himself out .
starwars	During the Galactic Civil War Krunch rarely left the Garage , because he feared that Imperial forces would enslave him .
poke	After the ordeal in the last episode , Ash and co. continue training and are joined by Prof. Birch .
muppet	P.S . Nice to see you on the records ! --
muppet	Thanks for the Die Muppet Show info !
muppet	One World , One Sky Big Birds Adventure is a planetarium show developed for the United States and China . Designed as an introduction to astronomy for children , Big Bird , Elmo and Hu Hu Zhu embark on a journey through space to learn about the sun , stars and constellations . On an imaginary trip to The the Moon , the trio discover how different it is from Earth . They learn how to find the Big Dipper constellation and the North Star , and theres a sing-along of `` Twinkle Twinkle Little Star Twinkle Twinkle Little Star '' .
starwars	Admiral Grail was aware that Stazi was shot , as Imperial forces had arranged for the assassination attempt by threatening the family of shipman Tealart on Dac with death if he did n't cooperate .
poke	However , he is told Meowth bought a machine online to capture the Psychic-type Pokémon .
starwars	Group 2 and Sykes then continued onto their objective , the Theed Courthouse , where Group 3 and a group of commandos blew open a gate blocking their way .
poke	Instead , Elisa drives them somewhere safe , while Max notes how many wild Pokémon are around that Elisa is protecting .
starwars	Together , they went on a mission and took the Gungan Kroke Modbom from Port Landien and delivered him to Maris Magneta .
poke	After Jessie and James urge them to , despite their own will to stay , Arbok and Weezing lead the groups away from the area .
poke	Ash points out since the wild Pokémon came to dance , maybe the Solrock would appear as well and prove its innocence .
starwars	The station was destroyed by Luke Skywalker , after he escaped Imperial custody on the planet .
muppet	Hey , Scarecroe ! Sorry I havent been editing lately , but Toughpigs has blocked me . The user probably didnt read the apology note I sent to him
muppet	There was an Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe is an English nursery rhyme . First published in 1797 , the origin and meaning of the rhyme are unknown , with some speculating a connection between shoes and marriage , while others look for a link to a real person , such as Queen Caroline , who had eight children .
poke	Meowth heard a bell , actually , while Jessie wonders if it is a voice of an actual Chimecho .
muppet	Can you show me how to add an exclamation point to the page for Sesame Street Sing-Along ? I didnt want to mess things up without asking . I found a copy of it , and the front back , and label all have it . As I play it , Ill be making song pages , too . Thanks ! --
poke	Ash reminds them he 'll be late for the Gym Battle , but Max reminds Ash of Pikachu 's battle against Roxanne and her Nosepass .
starwars	Unidentified Jedi ( Orto Plutonia )
muppet	Thats why users keep undoing your changes linking to them . Please respond here , or if you continue to edit this way without communication , you will be blocked .
starwars	Minnau would subsequently join Amidala 's Senatorial staff on Coruscant .
starwars	Beginning to hurry , the two decided that they should check the front sections of the bridge when they heard blaster fire around the corner and began to believe that they had found Janard .
muppet	Thor is a member of the great council in Jack and the Beanstalk The Real Story . He has fiery red hair and beard and carries a large mallet .
poke	Afterwards , Pikachu and Meowth walk down a path , while Meowth sees how many plans it took to finally have Pikachu at his disposal .
muppet	According to the bands official `` bio '' on MySpace
muppet	1983 Hosted television special Rocky Mountain Holiday ; also released an Rocky Mountain Holiday album of same title .
starwars	Merrik is voiced by Greg Proops in .
poke	Suddenly , they hear a boy and a girl arguing about which Pokémon is stronger : Gorebyss or Huntail .
muppet	Do you remember what our source was for that ?
muppet	During this time , plans were made for a Crazy Harry Crazy Harry plush to be produced and given was made .
poke	While everyone is searching , Harmony found her ring , making her and Calvin very happy , who claim love made them find the ring again .
poke	Beginning June 1 , 2010 , the company began trading under the new stock symbol `` KIDE '' on the OTC Bulletin Board ( OTCBB ) market .
poke	Things go from bad to worse when they find the pier on the other side of town.May tries to find help and finds a kind sailor by the name of Mr. Briney .
muppet	The Right Stuff is a 1983 movie about NASAs first attempt at crewed spaceflight . Based on the 1979 non-fiction book of the same name , the story follows a group of test pilots selected to become astronauts . It is determined that each individual be composed of `` the right stuff '' the proper blend of education , determination , and physical ability to withstand all that would be required of them in space .
poke	Meowth led Team Rocket to Norman 's greenhouse , even if Jessie and James do not like the place .
poke	May comments the king could make better jokes , but Alanna is certain this year 's jokes were better than last year 's .
poke	May compares her with Ash , but Ash denies that fact , since he has been training his patience .
poke	Meowth defends himself by stating they would 've done the same to which Max tells him that even a baby would n't have done something that dumb .
poke	Tate and Liza see Ash almost did well with that surprise attack , but wonder if he has more to show to them .
poke	Birch , however , finds something that can settle the trouble , and give Team Rocket a new opportunity at stealing Pokémon .
poke	It is May 's turn to come , but she begins to feel nervous , though her friends try to calm her down .
starwars	Even though he refused to assist Kun , Jeth did nothing further to hinder his quest , which ultimately led the Jedi Knight to Iziz .
muppet	Sesame Street Zoe , Prairie Dawn , Little Bird , Roxie Marie , Countess Dahling von Dahling , Polly Darton
starwars	The system was located in the grid square Q-4 of the Standard Galactic Grid .
muppet	In a 2004 Chicago Public Radio interview , David Rudman referred to Cookie Monsters occasional use of more advanced phrases , such as `` It a bit esoteric , '' as his Alistair Cookie side `` He throws out these words like , you know , Me digress . Its his whole Alistair Cookie side ... Its a whole nother side of Cookie , where hes just kinda , you know , laidback and intellectual , but he still has that Me Alistair Cookie , and its just such a funny contrast . ''
poke	Caroline appears before the children and Norman , saying she is going away from here .
poke	With teacher Serena 's help , Jimmy tries to be the referee of a Double Battle of Ash vs. Brock .
poke	Later , having reunited with Torkoal , Ash and friends become determined to help Torkoal defeat the Steelix that lords over the valley .
poke	May and Max see Treecko 's timing is off , while Ash wonders why are n't they getting any better .
starwars	Around this time , Kenobi was contacted by Asha .
starwars	Karath killed millions of civilians on Telos , and earned the wrath of his former friend and protégé Carth Onasi , who had served with Karath during the Mandalorian Wars .
starwars	Emissary of the Void
starwars	The Imperials were then thrown into a cage aboard the pirate ship 's cargo bay with the ship 's ten crew .
poke	While Romeo hangs onto Juliet , Ash , Brock , Corphish , Lotad and Mudkip go to help Volbeat and Illumise to resurface .
poke	Jessie and Meowth sleep , with James barely staying awake , but he falls to sleep as well .
starwars	He is strong in the Force , but untrained , not yet a true Jedi .
starwars	The monmon seed was a special seed from Endor .
muppet	The Word on the Street New Sesame Street video releases include the DVDs Elmos World Head , Shoulders , Knees and Toes , The Best of Elmo 3 and Count on Elmo . Also in store for this year will be a new line of Funko Sesame Street vinyl figures ; the first of which , Funko # Sesame Super Grover , was unveiled at New York Comic Con last October . The long-awaited documentary I Am Big Bird The Caroll Spinney Story was released by Tribeca Film Tribeca Films to video on demand services on May 5 , and to select theaters the next day .
poke	Ash swims to Brawly , who recognizes the determination , but the wave hits them all .
muppet	Also , there are a few Sesame Street appearances that I didnt have a source for , so I put a cite tag on them . --
starwars	Kynachi system
muppet	Can we at least treat it as a `` stump '' question on the talk page until were sure theyre not on the show . In that case it should probably be deleted and info parked , as we did with Kevin James until we knew what it actually was ; looking around the web , Im not so sure Gothamist.com
muppet	I did it ! I finally finished adding all the TMS episodes . Phew ! -- Toughpigs 2026 , 30 Dec 2005
starwars	Chewie puts a comforting hand on Han .
muppet	Martin Robinson should be mentioned here for playing the Cat in season 2 , right ? -- User Fred Sparrman 0042 , 19 November 2007
starwars	Sarlacc A and B Battalions , under the command of Jedi General Vaas Ga and Clone Commander Gree , were caught behind enemy lines on Dinlo and needed evacuation .
poke	During the night , May is quite bored , since they wait for the Pokémon to come , while Brock suspects the food they placed as bait is not attractive to the Pokémon .
poke	It is hard to actually witness these evolutions , however , due to 3TrainerPoké 's stats and level change at random .
starwars	Ady Sun'Zee was a female Mirialan Jedi Padawan of the Jedi Order .
muppet	A The Muppet version of the March Hare appeared in Episode 506 Brooke episode 506 of The Muppet Show . The puppet was designed to resemble the original illustrations by wikipedia John Tenniel . The March Hare appears several times throughout the episode , in the background or chorus , and is featured more prominently in the Mad Tea-Party scene at the end of the show .
muppet	Muppet Wiki debuted on December 5 , 2005 .
poke	Sandra admits her mother is busy with the Contest and decided to help her out with the chores , just like her mom does most of the time .
muppet	Hi , Ken ! I hadnt really seen the page you meant . I still think its a bad idea to create a page for the FTB car radio song
starwars	Following the Skirmish on Pheryon , C-3PO received a transmission from the Resistance droid spy operative N1-ZX on the Outer Rim world of Kaddak claiming that it had acquired a large trove of information about the First Order including the current location of Supreme Leader Snoke .
poke	Skitty comes to her and May introduces herself to the boy , whose name is Joshua , a Coordinator .
poke	Suddenly , Taillow comes with the tape recorder , so Ash sees he has to rush before everyone gets drowned .
starwars	The Diligence was a refitted troopship that served the mercenary group Rusher 's Brigade .
muppet	Should we replace Category Sullivan Show Characters with Category Characters ? --
poke	Altaria uses Sky Attack , but Ash concentrates and has Grovyle use Quick Attack , so Altaria misses .
starwars	Additionally , the book does not provide a backstory to the Sanyassan Marauders ' desire to leave Endor .
muppet	Been years since Ive seen this episode , so anyone who can recall more precisely whether the character was named `` Dr. Snuffleupagus '' or some other variation
starwars	After killing Gord , Vidian reprimands Captain Sloane for the poor security arrangements and issues an alert for Skelly and his companions , emphasizing that the former is to be shot while the latter brought to him .
starwars	Once Havoc was aboard and disabled the security , Tavus addressed the squad via holo .
muppet	Uncle Traveling Matt is a brave Fraggle explorer and Gobos uncle on Fraggle Rock . In `` Episode 101 Beginnings , '' he ventured out of Fraggle Rock the Rock to explore the human world of Outer Space .
poke	Nurse Joy thinks Max should calm down , as the taller Max also likes Pokémon and comes here often to play with them .
muppet	On November 9 , 2009 , in honor of the 40th Anniversary , the city of New York renamed the corner of 64th and Broadway as 123 Sesame Street .
poke	Max suggests May to sleep in the tent , but she is scared the Pokémon might attack her .
starwars	Despite the Emperor 's grave concerns for the planet 's safety , more often than not the posting was used as a punishment or sort of exile for delinquent officers , rival captains , and a graveyard for derelict ships .
poke	Roxanne thanks them for the great battle , knowing her students would learn much from the footage .
muppet	Just wanted to bring to your attention that we already had Jim Shore Muppet this ! Would you mind to combine ? ) —
muppet	Hey Ian -- Its cool that youre adding pictures ! Please dont upload any pictures taken from Muppet Central , though . Theyre not really good with sharing pictures , and they all have a noticeable `` fade '' border around the edges . So MC pictures are off limits , but feel free to take stuff from Tough Pigs or anyplace else . Thanks ! --
starwars	Doda made the wise decision not to journey with the rest of the band on the doomed trip to the Great Pit of Carkoon .
starwars	Rimebat
starwars	Centered in the city sprawl , it was overseen by Lieutenant Gorsick Dommaro .
poke	Team Rocket removes the seaweed , furious how they should 've been the ones digging the holes .
muppet	After walking at the New York Worlds World ’ s Fair at Long Island , Rowlf the Dogs feet are killing him , and a mask from the South American exhibit .
starwars	The Making of The Empire Strikes Back is a book by J. W. Rinzler that chronicles the production of .
muppet	Second , several of the early video releases list 1982 as their date . Since the movie came out in December of 1982 in theaters , wouldnt all initial video releases have to be in 1983 or beyond ? -- User TomH 12 1744 , 3 January 2008
poke	Brawly shows his training area on the island , where his Pokémon use exercise machines .
muppet	A series of four Sesame Street Vehicle Playsets was released by Tyco in the 1990s . Each playset included a vehicle , a figure and two accessories , many of which had been part of previous larger playsets . The following toys were made
muppet	Am I missing any cameos ? --
poke	Treecko uses Bullet Seed , but fails again , since it did not master the move yet .
starwars	However , instead of issuing the order to pull about and retreat , Niathal ordered the fleet to continue forward into the grid , aware that abrupt changes in course would only attract more mines .
muppet	Okay , checking the history , I added the fact about the Two-Headed Monster debuting in 1978 . I cant remember my source , but it was probably an unofficial fan site or message board post
poke	What will happen to Togepi now , and has Max learned a way how to keep Brock from flirting with pretty girls ?
starwars	`` `` was developed by a different studio , Obsidian Entertainment , using an improved version of the engine from the first game .
muppet	Also , http//cgi.ebay.com/Vintage-1977-SESAME-STREET-FAIRY-TALE-ALBUM-8-track_W0QQitemZ250553055781QQcmdZViewItemQQptZMusic_Other_Formats ? hash=item3a56203a25 heres a new one Ive never seen before ! --
muppet	Heya , dont forget to place
starwars	She then released Poe and they both disembarked to get him to `` Black One '' to assist his squadron .
starwars	Such competition was exacerbated by the pack nature of shredder bats .
starwars	When too many families grew in one area , the leader would ask certain families to break away and start a new community on another glacier .
muppet	The of the skits listed , `` Flashlight '' and `` Light and Dark '' , sound like they could actually be the same skit , only described and titled differently . Two things that support the fact that these might be the same skit are the facts that both feature Grover , and Steve Whitmire performed Kermit in both skits . Are they actually the same , mistakenly listed as two seperate skits , or are they really different skits ? -- User Minor muppetz 2316 , 18 September 2006
muppet	When has season 3 aired ? Are these the episodes on Sprout ? -- -- User and Bert Jesse
starwars	Skree-skater
muppet	I must have missed a discussion about this . Why are we redirecting all the characters here ? Scott
poke	Pikachu uses Iron Tail , destroying a part of the wall , so Team Rocket are surrounded .
poke	All of the strange noises and smells that the construction workers were hearing were actually the Shroomish .
muppet	In the Philippines , early registrants received a special Big Bird feathered pen .
poke	Corphish is about to use BubbleBeam , but Skitty uses Blizzard , which accidentally freezes Corphish .
starwars	Coruscant Health Official
muppet	Norman Gorbaty is an artist and illustrator who provided illustrations for the Street Toddler Sesame Street Toddler Books series , and the Furry Faces series .
starwars	Starkiller 's mind had been overtaken by the dark side , and he laughed gloatingly at his hapless opponent .
poke	Hannah attacks Nero with ThunderShock , but Nero is unhurt , due to it being a Ground-type Pokémon .
muppet	I remember that there was an episode of Sesame Street that was this entire album with , of course , the usual animated segments . I remember it because I saw it . Does anyone remember which one it was ? Also , I remember that this was part of a kids pack that WNET-13 offered as a thank-you during the annual funding drives that year . Anyone ? Peace . MuzikJunky 1026 , 26 January 2008
poke	The Treecko goes away in other direction , though Ash is confident Treecko would return soon , since this is its home .
starwars	It was a system of underground access tubes that allowed speeders and groundcars to get to and from destinations .
muppet	For more fun games and videos for your preschooler in a safe , child-friendly environment , visit us at http//www.sesamestreet.org
poke	Max soon stumbles upon a very frightened Shroomish who is hiding in an alleyway .
poke	Timmy surely knows that he 'll enter the Contest , while May knows she 'll enter , too .
starwars	Their architecture featured courtyards , balconies , and stairs .
starwars	Antilles then directed Wexley to pursue an Imperial shuttle .
poke	Team Rocket , however , notice someone is also in the hot spring , so Meowth yells this is their hot spring .
poke	May accepts Erica 's apology and the two girls shake hands , wanting a fair battle and wishing each other good luck .
poke	Next , Brawly shows the battle field Ash and he are going to battle on , a field of rocks and water .
poke	As such , there will always be at least three bytes at the end of the player 's name whose values are hexadecimal codice_1 .
poke	Breloom attacks with Mach Punch , but it was negated and being knocked down by Combusken 's newly learned Sky Uppercut .
starwars	Hera was further devastated to learn that her mother 's heirloom , the kalikori had also been left behind .
starwars	A planet in the Gelviddis Cluster had sand with a unique property .
poke	Next day , Team Rocket sells the fake Pokéblocks , as the customers are convinced to buy them .
poke	Ash and May did not get any result either , so Sullivan advises them to move to a different spot .
starwars	The superlaser was fired by a kyber crystal-assisted twin laser array carefully assembled and calibrated on Hypori , and installed on an `` Imperial '' -class Star Destroyer appropriated by the Special Weapons Group .
starwars	Ronum Minkus appears in `` '' during the eight boss fight of `` Eternal Championship '' .
starwars	The Imperial Navy also utilized IR-3F patrol craft and later IPV-1 System Patrol Crafts to monitor areas rife with piracy and smuggling .
poke	As the battle begins he sees they do n't get along very well and the battle could be an easy win for him , that is until Team Rocket interferes and snatches Lunatone and Solrock .
muppet	We * dont * have anything like `` Category '' and periodically we have issues with people trying to create stuff like `` Category '' or `` Category . '' That doesnt work for us , as we found from trial and error . Aliens and Robots were briefly categories but worked better as lists , and those can be found in Character Types . As mentioned , we also have Groups and Pairs rather than solo articles for Statler and Waldorf when they function as a team , not to mention many other instances where minor characters are merged into episode , special or movie pages as galleries or brief character synopses because we dont have enough to support pages yet , and so on . We use redirects a lot for that but still , its another reason gender categorization is problematic .
starwars	Jim Morris was the President of Lucas Digital during the production of .
muppet	https//drive.google.com/folderview ? id=0B-0Pb5Hunus1UDlRV2lSM1h5dk0
poke	The heroes are also having unusual hair style , blaming Team Rocket for messing them up and getting lost , except for Brock , who likes curly hair .
starwars	The eight frigates that fought in the fleet of Supreme Commander Komm Karsh in the Second Battle of Obroa-skai were also around this size .
poke	While the heroes are discussing , the crew of the boat , who is actually Team Rocket in disguise , plan on capturing their Pokémon .
starwars	Narb later watched an annual race called the Platform Classic with Nod .
poke	Max , Ash and Brock promise to train May for her next Contest , who promises she will become a great Coordinator , through training and battling , as she jumps up , with her spirits lifted up .
poke	Later on , the taller Max decides to go on a journey with Surskit and promises to battle one another one day .
starwars	While stationed at RMSU-7 , le Trene sometimes played sabacc , a card game , with Den Dhur , I-5YQ , Klo Merit , Barriss Offee , Jos Vondar , and Zan Yant .
starwars	In addition to his work in `` Star Wars '' , he frequently competes in `` Star Wars '' trivia competitions .
starwars	Protected by a number of Jedi-piloted starfighters , the Jedi were ambushed immediately after coming out of hyperspace .
poke	Cascoon uses String Shot , but Corphish gets in the way of attack , cutting the string .
starwars	The overall gameplay is much like that of any other Trivial Pursuit title .
poke	Seviper uses Poison Tail , but Furret evades and uses Slam , knocking the former out .
starwars	The Emperor panics and engages the Shadow Academy 's self-destruct .
poke	Seeing Grumpig , Brock notes it is well-trained , while Max thinks May will have trouble dealing with it at the Contest .
muppet	File Sing Along Movin Right Along The `` Movin Right Posted January 8 , 2018 } }
poke	May is happy she does not have one , attacked her , but seeing these babies , she changes her mind .
poke	Max sees Team Aqua around the next corner , who explain to Shelly Castform is not in the main computer room .
starwars	Crosshair fired a grappling cable after the creature , and Hunter hooked himself to the cable and was pulled along .
muppet	In a 2007 interview , Oz explained why he distanced himself from Muppet performing
starwars	The planet was owned and governed by Clode Rhoden , who grew wealthy from the Yorn Skot mining station .
muppet	Right now , Im inclined to agree with the `` if we use taping date for one end , we should for the other '' logic but also taking it case by case . But in this case , Id be fine with it since the fact that we pinned it down at all is fairly notable for some readers .
muppet	It is listed here
poke	May suspects Drew is entering the Contest too ; Drew humiliates her as `` a brilliant genius '' , as the two new rivals stare at each other .
poke	Long ago , during this destruction , a power was sealed inside the stone Poké Ball .
muppet	Watch the full memorial service divided into chapters here https//www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=PLgjuhVonbItZ3ohpzh88uMPxs2lemYkMG
muppet	Although nowhere to be seen , part three of The Muppet Show Comic Book Family Reunion has `` Marvin Suggs and the All-Food Glee Club '' listed on a marquee outside the theater .
poke	Out of nowhere , Timmy 's father , Tommy Grimm , appears and confirms Timmy certainly is n't happy .
poke	Wattson laughs and sends Voltorb , who uses Screech , but Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , defeating it .
starwars	They were muscular beings , and the majority of them were strong and courageous .
starwars	Due to their shared adventures , Temmin came to appreciate his mother 's sacrifices more and reconciled with her .
poke	The same day , The New York bankruptcy judge sent 4Kids Entertainment Inc. on its way out of Chapter 11 protection Thursday , overruling an objection by the American Kennel Club Inc. over a licensing agreement and approving its reorganization plan , which calls for the full payment of claims .
poke	As Groudon walks with Pikachu into the sea , Lance goes to the heroes , realizing that Groudon wants to stop Kyogre .
poke	Team Rocket spies , and Meowth thinks Ludicolo 's dancing will lift their boss ' spirit .
poke	Max thinks they should turn back , but Brock still thinks they would get lost either way .
muppet	This is making my Spidey-sense tingle , but I dont know that much about AJ , and I want to check in before I decide that Ylndgomez is a nonsense-vandal and act accordingly . Anybody have thoughts ? --
muppet	Three decades after its release , Labyrinth , starring Jennifer Connelly and David Bowie , continues to enthrall audiences with its winning mixture of fairy tale whimsy , fantastical creatures , and unforgettable music . Filled with a wealth of rare and unseen behind-the-scenes imagery , Labyrinth The Ultimate Visual History explores the creation of the film as seen through the eyes of the artists , costume designers , and creature creators who gave the beloved fantasy classic its distinctive look .
starwars	Nadrin Tro was a scientist from this division of the Bureau who was selected to aid the Sith 's mission on Makeb in acquiring isotope-5 .
muppet	There was another voice for Grobi until the mid 1990s , which I wanted to add
starwars	In addition to the primary weapon and shield control , Starkiller Base 's facilities included numerous ship hangars , sanitation infrastructure , amenities for the garrison of stormtroopers , flooding tunnels and a room dedicated to communications with Supreme Leader Snoke via hologram .
muppet	An old Fraggle presides over the meeting in this episode , but hes not the Worlds Oldest Fraggle ; that character wont appear until Episode 112 The Finger of Light . In this episode , we also hear Doozers referred to by name for the first time their names include Angle , Board , Derrick and Flex Flex . the Doozers are seen mostly speaking in unison , as if they have no individual personalities . As the Doozers developed later , this feature was dropped , and each Doozer became an individual .
starwars	With Galen Erso silenced , Krennic travels to Mustafar to speak with the mysterious Dark Lord , Darth Vader at his castle .
starwars	Ventress brought the captive Rotta to an abandoned B'omarr Order Monastery on the jungle planet Teth , located in Wild Space , and fortified the site with two full battalions of battle droids .
muppet	Characters illustrated include Bert , Betty Lou , Big Bird , The Busby Twins , Cookie Monster , Count von Count , Ernie , Farley , Frazzle , The Genie , Grover , Guy Smiley , Herry Monster , Little Bird , The Mudman , Oscar the Grouch , Roosevelt Franklin , Sam the Robot , Sherlock Hemlock , and Snuffleupagus .
poke	Jessie analyzes that both May 's and her own were caught at same time and both evolved at same time , but still does not get why May 's is now a Beautifly and her own is a Dustox .
muppet	As part of the partnership between ZDF and Henson/ATV , the original syndication package was not only dubbed but also contained a few specific alterations tailored to the German market , in some ways foreshadowing the international versions of Fraggle Rock . A new opening sequence was prepared , identical to the English language version but with a Die Muppet Show sign , and occasional new footage of Kermit the Kermit was filmed to better match the German dialog . The show also used the full version of the first season closing , instead of using the updated closings for later seasons .
muppet	Projects announced included
poke	Meowth explains this machine absorbs electricity , no matter how much high the voltage it contains .
muppet	The plots for 3147 and 3148 are Mother Chicken searches for a Nursery Rhyme and Baby Bear and Telly Try to Be Friends.User we went into the Then we went into the bear
muppet	In addition to puppeteering , Vogels interest in music is made evident by his non-Sesame role as front man for the band , The Mighty Weaklings released a CD of songs `` for kids -- and grown-ups '' called You Cant Rock Sittin Down in June of 2008 after appearing in the video for their song `` Rocket Ship '' on Jacks Big Music Show . With Joey Mazzarino , Vogel co-owns Pratfall Productions , which produced the film-noir puppet spoof Murder , He Squeaked and various inserts for Sesame Street , `` Sesame Street '' videos and Nick Jr.s Curious Buddies . Vogel also served as director for Sesame Street beginning with Season 39 and the recurring segment , `` Murray Has a Little Lamb . ''
muppet	For the record , the article title is wrong . The http//www.imdb.com/title/tt0320750/ IMDb entry under that name actually refers to a special called `` The Dream is Alive 20th Anniversary Celebration of Walt Disney World , '' which as far as can be determined did not include the clips linked to , but * did * include an appearance by Baby Sinclair . This comes from both Bill Cotters The Wonderful World of Disney Television and from this http//www.inbaseline.com/project.aspx ? project_id=46200 InBaseline entry ; the title alone is also sourced by TV listings . Im trying to figure out exactly * what * this is .
muppet	Lisa Marie Henson
poke	Ash gives his Pikachu to Sandra for holding , while Sandra decides she 'll become a trainer .
poke	May is worried , seeing Pokémon Contests are quite complicated than she originally thought .
starwars	SIS agent Theron Shan was trained in the construction of the spy ray , and he kept the necessary materials aboard his ship , the `` Sojourner '' , in case he needed to use it .
muppet	Hi Wendy , where did you find that Abelardo PVS on Plaza Sesmo pvcs ? Do you have it Pino 0918 , 7 February 2009
starwars	After the procedures , Bey took to wearing an electronic red eye patch for his inoperable left eye , giving him a defining look for the rest of his life .
poke	Ash , Max and Brock cheer for her , while Drew notices May has grown more confident .
poke	Brock and Brawly claim Treecko is too exhausted and is in no condition to fight , but Ash is still not convinced , so he sends Treecko to use Pound , but Hariyama blocks the attack .
muppet	For the Muppets references to other audio media , see Musical References and Radio References
muppet	Elmoji is an Elmo toy robot developed by WowWee Robotics released in fall 2017 .
muppet	The Great Treasure Hunt is a 1986 Muppet Babies book-and-tape set made by Playskool for the Electronic Talk n Play system .
poke	Morita suspects these things can happen after experiencing traumatic events , which can take even more time to fix .
poke	Team Rocket hear the discussion , so Jessie is also bound to capture the Wurmple for same reason .
poke	Max thinks Anita is fortunate to lives in Rustboro City to learn more , but Anita states she and Kenny were forced by their parents to attend the Academy .
starwars	They were upgradeable to Bongo Scouts .
starwars	On worlds such as Mygeeto , Felucia , Cato Neimoidia , Saleucami , and Kaller , clone forces killed their Jedi commanders .
poke	Brock promises he will get them something to eat ; but , by the time he arrives , Brock is shocked his rice balls are gone .
muppet	DAVID Excuse me . . . Big Bird , old pal , tell me something . Why did you bring this letter into the store and give it to me ? This is for Marias mother in Puerto Rico .
muppet	Is it okay to link to http//www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vFMNmLGnFEc this amateur footage ? I know theres certain types of content were not to include . -- Zanimum 1744 , December 5 , 2009
starwars	Dreypa then unleashed Force lightning on the attackers .
poke	The heroes are about to leave , but May suspects something about Wurmple and offers it food .
starwars	Solo 's family began to suspect that Solo and Zekk were a couple , though both denied their relationship was more than a friendly one .
poke	Seviper goes to use Poison Tail , but due to Corphish 's BubbleBeam , the attack is cancelled .
starwars	During the journey , Jedi Master Kit Fisto pretended to be one of Count Dooku 's envoys , Nemonus , and he held back the four leaders to make a negotiation .
poke	The first participant is May , who sends Combusken , who makes a flip in mid-air , then lands down .
muppet	At least two of their songs have been performed by the Muppets , both of them in The Muppet Show Episode 201 Don episode 201 `` Sweet Gingerbread Man '' and `` The Windmills of Your Mind '' . They also wrote the Frank Sinatra hit `` Nice n Easy '' which was performed by Nancy Sinatra in her Las Vegas show featuring the Muppets , Movin with Nancy Nice n Easy . Additionally , Alan Bergman wrote the song `` That Face '' with Lew Spence which was used in The Muppet Show On Tour !
poke	The trees make their landing much softer , except for Corphish , who got stuck in the ground .
muppet	Theres a discussion going on right now at Talk , so please post responses over there ... Im just posting this here to make sure people know about it . --
starwars	The 332nd Division of the Grand Army of the Republic was active late in the Clone Wars fought between the Galactic Republic and the Separatist Alliance .
poke	The machine explodes on Team Rocket to blast them off , but Jessie is pleased , seeing their purpose to track down Pikachu .
starwars	Those sensors could be put to other uses as espionage devices .
starwars	The coroner had an office .
poke	Brock wants to know story behind it , so an old sage , named Sigourney , comes to tell the story for all who want to learn .
muppet	Hey everyone ! I know I am writing on my own talk page which is kinda strange , but I thought I would tell you that my first Caroll Spinney Fansite is out ! I made it on Free Webs , so its not spectacular , but Im proud of it ! Theres sections `` About Me '' `` Author '' `` Paintings '' and even `` Donate to Sesame Workshop '' ! Its pretty cool , if I do say so myself ! Go there and become a member so I can keep you updated on all things Caroll ! Because if you havent noticed already , Im really good friends with Caroll , so I get all the little `` inside information '' and I really am anxious to share it all with you ! Theres even an array of photos of me and Caroll ranging from when I was eight on up ! http//www.carollspinney.webs.com Link to site
muppet	Muppet-Vision 3-D combines the work of more than 3 performers to bring Sweetums to life in the show . Richard Hunt voiced the character in the production , while John Henson performed the puppet in the on-screen footage . Additionally a trained Disney Park cast member is needed to perform the character in each show as Sweetums comes out into the theater . Jim Henson The Works commented on the work involved in filming Sweetums 3-D paddleball trick explaining that
muppet	Not an open question , but as noted there , Ive come across our first potential lead on the identity of the baker , however slight ; according to IMDB
poke	However , people moved away to new part of the docks , making Mr. Briney the only person with a boat .
muppet	Hi there ! I assume youre a friend of mine , but I dont know who you are yet ... You can log in by clicking on the button at the very top right of the screen . Once youve done that , you can post about yourself on your User page -- just click on the `` User page '' tab at the top of this post . Talk to you soon ! Toughpigs 2058 , 6 Dec 2005
starwars	Blister pod
muppet	Because everyone in his family had worked in show business at some point , Hunt always felt hed end up in entertainment , too . While in middle school and high school , he put on puppet shows for local children , and he was a fan of the then-fledgling Muppets from a young age . `` Id drop anything to watch them , '' he said , `` I thought they were weird . ''
poke	The next challenge is to swing the rope to the other side , a challenge Team Rocket has already succeeded .
starwars	Traveling through hyperspace , Jarrus ' plan is to find their people and get them out of Imperial custody , but Rex insists on disabling the Empire 's new ship as well , as it could become a potential threat to the rebellion .
poke	Since he still wants to catch Treecko , Ash sends Taillow and dismisses it to find and lead Brock , May and Max to him , while he waits for Treecko .
poke	Steven stops the fight , reminding this is Aron 's home , and the Aron live here in peace .
muppet	The 2010 sequel Cats
muppet	The lyrics were written by Walt Kelly , the creator of the comic strip Pogo . Kelly also wrote the lyrics for `` Mans Best Friend '' , which Rowlf the Dog performed in episode 404 Dyan episode 404 .
poke	After Marius ' apology , Captain Stern introduces himself as the curator and explains he had to close the museum because of an unexpected event , but invites Ash , Max and Marius to come to the museum .
poke	Team Rocket overhears the conversation , making Meowth suspect Professor Birch can lead them to some interesting Pokémon .
starwars	The Ultimate Behind-the-Scenes Tour de Force
muppet	It was also sung in the Dinosaurs episode `` Episode 404 Driving Miss Driving Miss Ethyl , '' first by Ethyl Phillips and later by her son-in-law Earl Earl in an effort for her to cheer up after learning that her high school friends are dead .
muppet	Perlman also appeared in the 1994 special Sesame Street All-Star 25th Birthday Stars and Street Sesame Streets All-Star 25th Birthday Stars and Street Forever ! , as one of the hosts of a worm music station called `` Worm TV '' .
muppet	Sherlock Holmes cat appeared on Episode 206 Paula Episode 206 of Muppets Tonight , with Dr. Watson and Miss Weatherington .
muppet	Great to hear about your mom ! Write whenever you have time , or multiple short notes are always nice , too !
muppet	Ive moved all the uncited sketches to
poke	James is sad they did not catch anything yet , but Jessie thinks it is nice they got the blame for it .
starwars	Termo was typically a figure of surety , to such a degree that his indecisiveness in the wake of Tarkin 's missing instructions caused shock among staff such as Officer Tix .
starwars	Kurtz recalled after in 1981 , Lucas became convinced that audiences no longer cared about the story ; they were simply there for thrills and entertainment , and he began to deviate from the original nine-episode bible starting with , at which point Kurtz quit the series .
starwars	As overseer of the new Death Star , Jerjerrod—now simply addressed as `` Commander '' —was stationed at the battlestation 's construction site in the Endor system of the Outer Rim 's Moddell sector .
starwars	Oracle Base was a top secret base of the Rebel Alliance on Tel III in the Tel Minor system .
starwars	Agent Taarna later tasked the spacer to eliminate the arachne queen , the arachne responsible for breeding the parasophic arachnes .
starwars	In the light side option , he/she would convince the parents to join the Empire and spare them , and letting Volryder leave ; that way , if the Sith Warrior would tell Darth Baras of his/her sending the parents to him , the option of torture or letting them bask in Imperial luxury would tip Jaesa off-balance .
starwars	Malarus orders to launch TIE/fo space superiority fighters and shoot the tanker before it gets to close to the Enshado .
muppet	Im also still astonished that thanks to Episode Numeric Con , the Green Hornet warrants a page .
poke	Bulbasaur attacks with Razor Leaf , though Cacturne dodges and counters with Poison Sting .
poke	However , he soon realized he really wanted to raise Pokémon and did n't do battles much .
poke	Tate 's father gives Tate the orders how to land the shuttle , while Max holds the direction .
muppet	Kermit and Fozzie have a double date with Denise and Becky in the episode `` Episode 108 Too Hot to Too Hot to Handler , '' where they enter a trivia contest at Rowlfs Tavern .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Garden page .
muppet	A photograph of Baby Scooter and Skeeter can be seen in Miss Nannys house in the 2018 version of Muppet Babies Muppet Babies . Skeeter , along with Scooter , has been confirmed to appear in the series during the second season .
poke	They find Kyogre captured , so Meowth pushes the buttons on the computer to release it .
muppet	Im also finding out that some SS LPs were released on tape more than once , by up to 3 different companies
starwars	It was released on March 6 , 2014 .
starwars	Unbeknownst to either Jedi , the bomb awoke a creature thought to be long dead , the Zillo Beast .
poke	Team Rocket finishes their motto , but are not amused when their enemies did not listen , for they plan to get out of the cart .
poke	Ash asks how she knew about the wheel , but Calista takes out her book , in which states nobody found the treasure .
muppet	I dont know if this one floats your boat the way it does mine , but Krazy Kat is now on the wiki ... Theres a Sesame insert in episode 0830 . --
starwars	Once the Cor tribe was returned to their tribal lands , the beast was able to be subdued .
poke	As Ash and co are a mere stone throw away from Mauville City , they soon notice a poster for the House of Tricks .
starwars	Jareth Sartoris accidentally stumbled upon their hiding place when he was trying to escape from the army of the undead .
starwars	Pash Cracken approached them with a suggestion that they use the Yag-prime station , which Cracken had been assigned to deny to Zsinj after his return to Commander Varth 's wing of A-wings .
starwars	Hyperwave beacon
starwars	Vette Lake was a lake located on Xu'hu .
poke	Evelyn examines that they are Green Shards , actually , worth more than the items Adam has found before .
starwars	The book , which includes graphite drawings by Lucasfilm Ltd. collaborator Russell Walks , was published by Walter Foster Publishing on July 10 , 2017 .
muppet	I think it would be nice to have some more info on this page . Weve got a pretty intense in the Big Blue House Bear episode guide at this point ... Anybody feel like going through and finding some interesting Ojo facts to put on this page ? You could talk about some of her major episodes , Ojo songs , or any trivia you find along the way . --
poke	May challenges him to a practice battle , but they get interrupted by Team Rocket .
starwars	He had since gathered his own forces , rallying those Sith Lords who chose to remain behind , as well as promising them wealth and power under him if they allied with him against Sadow .
starwars	Due to his status as a slave , this Keshiri caretaker was ambivalent to the plight of the Kitais , who had been enslaved for allegedly staging an assassination attempt against the ruling Grand Lord .
poke	Beautifly uses String Shot , but Dustox uses Whirlwind ( and spreading a rainbow ) , redirecting the attack on Beautifly .
poke	While Brock tries to flirt with Nurse Joy May and Max thank Corphish , and it thanks them , by attacking Brock , May and Max .
muppet	Michaelangelo is one of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , as seen in the 1990 Jim Hensons Creature Shop film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and its sequel Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II The Secret of the Ooze . Named after Renaissance painter Michelangelo , the turtle is the party animal of the group , whose trademarks are his orange face mask and nun-chuks . He also appears to be the most obsessed with pizza .
poke	Ash , May , and Brock battle Team Rocket while Max rushes to the Pokémon Center as quick as can .
starwars	The Wookiee wore a belt and a piece of orange clothing that covered the worker 's torso and part of the the worker 's legs .
poke	After May is confirmed to battle in the final round , Drew and Grace face each other in the battle .
poke	Watt mentions to May that next Competition is in Verdanturf Town so Max shows it on the PokéNav , seeing they could go there , then to Petalburg City .
starwars	Several Skaak Tippers , including Tomi Skaak were killed during the assault .
starwars	Anor was confident in his own abilities as an agent , and was shocked when the Centerpoint Station blast eradicated both sides of the playing field , as his intelligence had firmly shown that their enemies revered life and would not sacrifice thousands to kill thousands .
muppet	A spaniel dog appeared with the Muppets beginning with The Muppet Show . His breed was identified by Dyan Cannon in The Muppet Show Episode 404 Dyan episode 404 , when she sings `` Big Spender '' . Performed in this appearance by Jerry Nelson , the dog sings with Dyan Cannon after she falls in love with him on sight in a pet store . She still has him with her when Kermit the Kermit closes the show , suggesting she adopted him as promised .
starwars	Horoth Gendi 's gang
starwars	Wamtra was a male Rodian Jedi who served the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic as a Commander in the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars .
poke	The heroes search and May finds one , but Max points out it must have a heart mark on its face .
poke	While watching , a Nurse Joy greets the group , asking of they are here for the May Festival , for the dance performance of Illumise and Volbeat .
muppet	Hi ! Just so you know , I recategorized Paul McGinnis . For Wiki purposes , Muppet Performer only includes those who both operated and voiced their characters . For anyone else , whether its assisting or background or just silent characters , its Muppet Puppeteers , but theres absolutely no stigma attached . If Paul has done speaking roles , and you can specify or source it , we can change the cat . Thanks ! --
poke	Brock notes they will make a stop at Macy Island , where May hopes to eat tasty food .
muppet	Im starting to think that the offiical title for these segments is `` Kermit News '' , and not `` Sesame Street News Flash '' , even though the logo says `` News Flash '' and Kermit often refers to it as `` Sesame Street News '' . Evidence includes the titles for chapter stops on the Old School sets , some of the clips in the Sesame Street Video Player
starwars	Captain Doza was concerned about the First Order 's increasingly totalitarian contro , l but was increasingly sidelined by Commander Pyre .
muppet	In `` Episode 221 And The Winner And the Winner Is ... , '' the Chief Elder has regained some mystique , clad again in robes and presiding over the traditional infant-naming ceremony . His sudden death by heart attack while naming Baby Sinclair leads to an emergency election . Earl Sinclair and B.P . Richfield are the chief candidates , but commentator Edward R. Hero is elected instead . Heros puppet , a crinkly almost humanoid Unisaur , would be recycled for all subsequent chief elders , with different voices and slight alterations in hue and costume . In `` Episode 302 Baby Baby Talk , '' a council of multiple elders , functioning in a manner akin to the Supreme Court of the United Supreme Court , is seen , with no clear designation as to the Chief Elder .
poke	Brock admits he knew something like this was going to happen , for May 's arguing with Ash made Bulbasaur nervous .
poke	Jessie and James are happy that the plan worked , painting ordinary Pokéblocks to gold and silver colors .
muppet	Hi , Tom -- Whered you find that picture of Sneegle ? Its fantastic ! --
poke	When the video call is logged off , Meowth gets furious over Persian , since it annoyed him .
poke	Max and Snorunt spend the rest of the day running and at the evening , they arrive to the Pokémon Center .
muppet	Didnt we find another appearance ? I forget now . --
muppet	The 1998 sequel , Babe Pig in the City , was made without Creature Shop involvement .
muppet	Noggin is a cable channel in the United States that is aimed at preschoolers . Prior to 31 December , 2007 , the network broadcast from 600am to 600pm , giving way to teen-oriented programming on The N in the evenings . Since then , it has become a 24-hour network , with The N moving to its own channel .
starwars	Self-propelled artillery included a number of walker vehicles .
poke	Team Rocket has blasted off to an edge of a cliff , wanting to be somewhere else .
poke	Rights for the five-hour Saturday morning block were bought by 4Kids , and they began to program the time with their own programming ( mixed in with three former Kids ' WB originals ) in September 2008 .
muppet	He liked the performance , beginning his first column of 1971 by noting , in all caps , `` LET ME BEGIN BY THANKING THE CAST OF SESAME STREET ... you were BEAUTIFUL LAST WEDNESDAY . ''
starwars	Although the Jillsarian was the proprietor of Doodnik 's Café , Zellock , as the leader of the planet 's criminal underworld , used the establishment as his base of operations .
poke	Ash goes to open the cannon , but fails , so Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , damaging the laser .
muppet	Hey , I noticed that the Spanish edition of Elmo in Grouchland had a tilde on the wrong `` n '' , so I moved the page . But then I noticed that the `` la '' in `` tierra '' wasnt capitalized , but the `` los '' in `` grunones '' is . Is that supposed to be like that , because `` Grouchland '' is one word in English , or should it be lowercase too ? Gracias ! --
muppet	`` Seasons are Like a Circle '' is a Shalom Sesame song from the episode , `` Show 7 Sing Around the Sing Around the Seasons . ''
starwars	Vontoba feared that the Strus Clan would return and convened a meeting of the nomads to decide on what to do next .
starwars	Due to this , the company retired from the planet and waited for Bartyn to give the first results .
starwars	The team engaged an Armored Assault Tank , a single STAP patrol , and a squad of eight battle droids , managing to distract the Trade Federation forces long enough to allow Sabé and her retinue to infiltrate the Palace directly and join up with Amidala .
starwars	After regaining full control of the GEMINI droids , Vaylin ordered her Magistrate of Revelry Indo Zal to organize a Grand Festival at the Palace of the Eternal Dragon in her honor , during which she planned to execute a host of captured Zakuulan rebels .
poke	However , Team Rocket goes back inside the lodge and James activates a remote , protecting the lodge with steel walls .
poke	Jessie goes to take her revenge , but stomps on a Pokémon , a Loudred , who blasts them off by yelling .
starwars	They were caught in an ambush set up by the droids in case the disguised droid failed to send both away , and the droids proceeded to throw thermal detonators towards the clones .
poke	The heroes choose the fishing lures : Ash , a Pikachu , Brock , a Lotad , May , a Psyduck , Max , a Kecleon and Sullivan , a Butterfree lure .
poke	Drew thinks May does not know anything , even she pronounced the name of the berries wrong .
starwars	Acid/Legends
muppet	When you have a user name , it makes it a lot easier for other people on the wiki to ask you questions , or help you out when youre trying to figure out how to do something . You can check out the Muppet Wiki FAQ page to help you get started . Let me know if you have any questions ! -- Danny Toughpigs 2257 , 4 February 2006
starwars	The Lieutenant was sent to infiltrate the rendezvous point , Tavus ' command ship , the `` Justice '' .
poke	Ash runs with Pikachu and Corphish , but despite Blizzard , Mightyena uses Shadow Ball and hits the ground in front of Ash .
starwars	is the conclusion to `` Flirtatious advance '' .
poke	He takes them to the shop , where he finds May 's Torchic had eaten his Bluk Berry , which is to be used in tonight 's firework event .
poke	Max points out Steelix does not even flinch when hit by Flamethrower , but Ash points out Torkoal was determined enough to return and battle its enemy .
muppet	The original toy line further inspired four animated television series , several animated specials , and an animated feature-length film . The franchise has been revamped multiple times over the decades to appeal to new generations , while the brands sales increased considerably with the introduction of the fourth incarnation of the franchise in 2010 , entitled My Little Pony Friendship is Magic .
poke	Oak admits he thought Professor Birch forgot about him and decided to go to the lab .
starwars	Syndulla 's trap cost him not only his life , but also crippled a nearby cruiser and a Star Destroyer .
starwars	However , the escaped citizen Tolan Nokkar employed a spacer who liberated the village by wiping out the Tuskens and their King .
starwars	Loran put together two separate teams of Wraiths to accomplish this goal and assisted them as he could , though he kept his true activities hidden from Maddeus .
poke	Annie introduces the man as her husband , Professor Proctor , making Brock sad Annie has a spouse already .
poke	Meowth and Wobbuffet are impressed as well , but James still thinks about Chimecho , who should love James .
starwars	Rex then rounded up his men and the remnants of Waxer 's platoon .
starwars	Skirmish over Ylesia
starwars	By 0 ABY , Eso had attained the rank of captain .
poke	The bandaged Donphan gets attacked and loses , so the heroes encourage him not to give up .
poke	Team Rocket aims at the villagers , but Solrock takes the hit , which surprises the villagers .
muppet	Cookie Monster introduces the word `` AMOR '' . Online Sesamestreet.org b80ffcc0-c57f-4d4d-aa50-3b3441c940e4 } } , SesameStreets YouTube Channel MBSMdDWljj4 } } } }
muppet	Thanks for the welcome . I like the place , and if I come back again Ill register .
starwars	Afraid of any threat , the opposing sides readily accepted Durne 's lies , carrying out deadly strikes on each other , never suspecting the truth of the situation .
poke	The heroes catch nothing , while Sullivan caught a Carvanha , Magikarp and a Remoraid , but frees them back .
starwars	The enlarged midsection had sideways ramps for embarking and disembarking of cargo .
muppet	This book was reissued in 1996 by Random House as a Into Step into Reading Step 1 book with new illustrations by Tom Brannon . It received a second reissue in 2003 as a Step Into Reading Step 2 book with Tom Brannons illustrations borrowed from the books 1996 reissue .
muppet	Beginning in the fall of 2014 , `` Elmo the Musical '' began airing as a part of the series . In 2015 , the series started incorporating newly produced segments called `` Elmos Quiz , '' where Elmo . In January 2016 , the series added locally-produced and Bert Ernie and Bert sketches into their rotation .
starwars	Tenebrous recalls why he picked the name Plagueis for his apprentice , the etymology foretelling his future , his name meaning `` The diseased one . ''
starwars	Knowing there was nothing more he could do for his student , Vodo and the other Jedi took their places in the arena , as the convocation was about to resume .
starwars	The troopers wore black stormtrooper armor , which was standard for darktroopers .
poke	When Swampert sees Mudkip , it recalls its days when it was a Mudkip and evolved into a Marshtomp , as well as the training to learn Iron Tail attack .
muppet	Dean , to remind you You can only vote for one Main Page picture at a time . You just voted for the Sesame file cabinet , so I removed your previous vote for Beautiful Day Monster . --
starwars	During his trip Bossk also joined forces with the Force-sensitive street urchin Ezra Bridger to stop the corrupt Imperial Security Bureau Lieutenant Jenkes .
starwars	Viscus ordered his men to stop fighting , and reluctantly told Kenobi and Skywalker to seek out Mother Talzin for the information they sought .
muppet	`` Gawky Birds image replaced , but too cool to delete -- other use ? '' How about in the Muppet Workshop or behind the scenes sections ? -- Stulz 1336 , 30 January 2007
poke	May asks if that is n't dangerous , but Max reminds her Professor Birch is famous for his field research and tends to forget danger when facing something fascinating .
poke	Max determines that both Wurmple are equally same , but this annoys Jessie , who has her Wurmple use String Shot .
muppet	So news of this came out in spring 2011 , nothing since . Normally this would be an easy one-year rule situation . However , it * does * take longer with the international co-productions
starwars	Oxixo was originally created as an action figure for the `` Battle Over Endor '' playset from Hasbro 's 2010 toy line `` '' , based upon an unidentified TIE fighter pilot from the 1977 film .
poke	May and Max are skeptical that it will do any good to Zangoose , but Brock states the better Nicholai thinks like a Zangoose , the closer he will be to his Zangoose .
muppet	Oz discusses his full name , family , how he met and began working with Jim Henson , and their projects . When asked Does `` Muppet '' mean `` Marionette and what the word Muppet means , he says `` I have no idea . '' On the creation of Miss Piggy `` The Lord knows how , but she just appeared . '' Oz chose the complete works of Emily Dickinson as the book , and clean sheets for his luxury .
muppet	The issue features a story where a cat escapes Docs workshop through the hole in the wall and ends up trapped in Fraggle Rock Fraggle Rock .
muppet	Is `` Lizard '' the characters name , or description ? Scott
starwars	Zare Leonis , Merei Spanjaf , and Beck Ollet attended the school during the reign of the Galactic Empire several years before the Battle of Yavin .
poke	The heroes convince Swablu to fly , who manages to avoid the explosion of the balloon .
starwars	With his laser cannon he destroyed a wall of Durabeton , behind which the soldiers had sought cover , and destroyed within three minutes three of the four battle groups .
poke	As Team Rocket flies off , Beautifly tackles them , causing them to drop Snorunt and Pikachu 's cages , which Ash and Brock catch .
starwars	Although the identities of each parent is not revealed , this article makes a basic biological assumption of father and mother .
starwars	He also reprogrammed Thrawn 's DT-series sentry droids into assassin droids .
starwars	Teaming up with Solo and his friends , they were able to get free of the prison walls and into a speeder .
poke	Romeo wishes to be energetic as the heroes are , but hurts himself on Corphish 's horns and accidentally falls back in water .
muppet	This prominent podcast interviewed Jimmy Wales , and Jimmy mentioned this site . -- Zanimum 1950 , 5 March 2007
starwars	Aayla Secura learned of developments on Coruscant through Vul 's report .
poke	Much to Meowth and James ' surprise , Jessie tells them they wo n't give it back .
poke	Team Rocket arrives in their balloon , equipped with a strong cuff to lift Snorlax in mid-air .
muppet	Would this be the same person as Ed Koren , Im thinking maybe so . --
muppet	Hi Danny I would like to make a page for `` Jim Hensons World of Television
muppet	Hey babe I love the volnav idea , but why `` volume '' instead of `` issue '' ? Those mean different things . --
muppet	Hi . Could you please stop editing the Placido Flamingo page ? You probably didnt notice but The Telephone Opera is already listed and linked on that page as `` The Telephone of Brazil , '' as its called in the sketch by Phil Harmonic . Youve really done enough on that page and I kindly request for you to focus your attention on other pages . If continue to make pointless edits on that page and not reply to this message , you could eventually be blocked . If you have info from a book or if you find something that hasnt been added here yet , click this link for things you can do . Reach out for other pages ; and reach out for users too by establishing communication , which is a vital part on how we work together here . Please respond below . Thanks ! --
starwars	Eventually , director Gareth Edwards agreed to use Pao in the Battle of Scarif .
poke	Brock is ready to travel again and has joined up with Ash , May and Max as the journey on towards Rustboro City .
poke	Jessie throws Meowth to attack to use Double Edge , but Meowth does not know that move , so he is being thrown away by Seviper 's tail , onto Team Rocket .
muppet	Weve had these pictures on the article for a while . What are they from ? Scott message me )
poke	Ralts comes to Max to hug him , expressing it wants to come with him , but Max tells it can not come .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Little Backpack page .
poke	Elsewhere , Ash contacts Professor Oak , showing he got his first Hoenn Gym Badge and admits Pikachu learned Iron Tail attack .
starwars	What could have been a war-winning victory became a brutal , grinding battle that dragged out for a week .
poke	To finish , Medicham uses Meditate and High Jump Kick , but Beautifly dodges the attack and uses Silver Wind .
poke	Despite the knot , Ash bites it off , setting the Nuzleaf free , startling Team Rocket .
poke	Loudred crashes into a wall , causing May to drop her Silcoon , so Pikachu and others go to find it .
starwars	Proximity bombs were explosive charges used by soldiers during the Galactic Civil War .
poke	The man appears before Meowth ( who is disguised as an old man ) , who gives the man advice on winning the contests .
starwars	The three of them blocked Sing 's path , and the Zabrak tried to proposition the newcomer , but she rejected their advances .
poke	Suddenly , Team Rocket appears in disguise too , offering to help with the gym maintenance .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but the attack is deflected , as Team Rocket taunts them .
muppet	As a courtesy to our one paying customer , and because we love them , I added the Sesame Street Store link as is to the list of external links on the Sesame page . I think it would be good to keep a good relationship with those guys , so that we might get more opportunities to connect with the official Sesame site . --
poke	James doubts that , since the boss could buy a fan or a cushion , but Jessie states there 's nothing to lose in capturing it .
muppet	As is evident , the on-screen title and later video title contradict each other , and both titles appear online
muppet	Hey , G ! Do you know anything else about this Meeting Film ? Grump is wearing a Superman shield parody .
starwars	Annadale Fayde
muppet	José appeared on Plaza Sésamo in 2009 , singing `` Mambo I , I , I '' with the Sésamo cast .
muppet	Kermit and Roberts duet was later included in the shows 2009 Christmas compilation special , `` Muppet TV Appearances on DVD # Saturday Night A Very Gilly Christmas , '' and the 2012 SNL Christmas Special on NBC .
starwars	While the `` Crucible '' departed into a deep space , Katooni and other younglings continued their training under the direction of Professor Huyang : the expert tutelage of the Jedi 's prime lightsaber designer and engineer .
poke	Outside the Gym , Juan tells Ash he turned a seeming loss to victory , which is what an extraordinary trainer could do .
muppet	For the record , in response to # 2 , sex is biological while gender is social .
poke	Manectric uses Thunder Wave , while Torkoal uses Overheat , negating its attack and hitting Manectric .
muppet	Hey , Brad ! The new templates look great . However , it occurs to me that by now theres so many templates , and more to come , that its easy to forget whats available and what isnt or how the coding changes , to say nothing of the unwritten placement rules
poke	Team Rocket eats the berries , and while they are amazed by the taste , they are grossed by it a moment later .
poke	Meowth comments that was a good attack , causing Jessie to yell at him and James .
poke	Sullivan leaving them , but he comes back when the heroes convince him they need him .
starwars	It was also the destination of the anonymous princess , niece of its ruler , after her rescue from the Imperial capital of Alderaan .
muppet	Rapunzel is a classic childrens fairy tale from The Brothers Grimm that has been spoofed multiple times by Muppets .
poke	He goes to see the other two Pokémon and starts touching , but Charmander uses Ember and Squirtle uses Water Gun , since they are quite annoyed by Max .
poke	The judges also comment how helping a Pokémon in need is much more important than winning a Contest .
starwars	Thene Campus was part of the university .
poke	However , the man heard of some strange things going around the mansion and went to inspect it .
poke	In pursuit of the Taillow , Ash , May and Max find themselves in trouble , as more Taillow gather to attack them .
starwars	Kordi assures Rowan they are all in this together as family , and proceeds to discuss with her big brother where to go next .
starwars	Skywalker and Tano traveled to the station and infiltrated it alongside members of the Grand Army of the Republic 's 501st Legion with the intent to rescue R2-D2 and destroy the listening post .
poke	After May came to the locker room , Drew expresses how May 's performance was great and gives her a red rose .
poke	Ash contacts Oak , telling him he came to Oldale Town to register for the Hoenn League .
muppet	Jim Henson Company productions -- The Dark Crystal , Labyrinth , The StoryTeller , Gullivers Travels , Buddy , Rat , Farscape , etc
muppet	I love your page on Purple Rainman . Love it , definitely love it . GrantHarding , definitely GrantHarding 1241 , 23 May 2006
poke	It was believed a maiden created Claydol from a material , so Claydol sought her out .
starwars	Eventually , the Alliance declared the `` Retribution '' to be lost , probably drifting , and its crew believed to be dead .
muppet	Since we have transcripts up of the two Muppet movie video menus , would it be too much to do the same for The Muppet Show sets ? I was thinking of working on them over the next week , but I want to get some opinions first . Justin 1811 , 8 August 2007
starwars	The attack set by Grievous worked and the de-regulation bill was passed in the Galactic Senate , continuing the war .
starwars	The two had a brief discussion about their childhood and their separation during the Sith invasion .
muppet	Scott , if you feel so strongly about Its a Big Big World or any of the other non Muppet shows , take a look at Talk
poke	Roselia uses Stun Spore , so Beautifly uses String Shot , but Roselia 's Magical Leaf cuts the string .
starwars	After the negotiations were cut short by blaster fire , several hostages and all of the hijackers ended up dead .
starwars	But more than just loyalty to the New Republic drives Norra forward : Her husband was turned into a murderous pawn in Sloane 's assassination plot , and now she wants vengeance as much as justice .
poke	Nurse Joy asks Brock 's Mudkip , Ash 's Treecko and May 's Torchic to give some pointers to the starter Pokémon , who accept the task .
starwars	Noticing that the Twi'lek had effectively trapped himself , Bane stood in the doorway and relished in his apparent victory .
poke	Team Magma sets the meteorite and activates the laser cannon , aiming at the volcano 's lava .
muppet	Since 2005 , the company has developed more mature comedy content under the Henson Alternative banner . The brand recently launched the national tour of `` Stuffed and Unstrung , '' a live puppet improvisational show . The company is also releasing original web series , including The Simian Undercover Detective Squad and Alt/Reality , on YouTube and other networks . Additionally , Henson is also developing a feature film , w-alternative Happytime Murders , for release under the Henson Alternative banner .
poke	He thinks a Clamperl will help them since it shares a bond with a pearl as well .
poke	This angers Corphish , who is not able to do anything and falls down from the tree , onto Ash 's head .
muppet	Please leave a message on User talk my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- User H rytter 0742 , 7 August 2009
starwars	However , Holt had fled and hijacked one of Daiman 's starfighters , knocking out the pilot .
poke	Seeing the victory ribbon Vivian is showing , May and Kelly wish each other luck , as do Combusken and Grumpig .
starwars	Before contact with the Old Republic was established , the Anx developed short-distance interstellar travel , launching their spacecraft with giant cannons .
poke	The Phantom goes to end a fight , but a car is approaching , so the Phantom calls Dusclops back .
poke	Meanwhile , May tells Savannah to relax , else the Pokémon will feel nervous if she does as well , since she knows this from experience .
starwars	The bodrite was hard to quarry , but only about two thousand metric tons of the rock per year were necessary to maintain the small planet 's trade balance .
muppet	Info parking , basically , since I found this in my Muppet Wiki image file . Im not sure if I just got it from Getty Images at one point or if there was some context , but its a young Steve Jobs apparently promoting Mix and Match . If anyone can find out more , feel free to share , but I thought Id put it here , for anyone who wants to work it into the article . --
starwars	Phindar tanker facility
muppet	There is one deleted scenes that I know I saw real quick once but I cant confirm where I saw it . it was on a commercial at some point but involved a bunch of Muppet pigs in a bank vault assuming thats where Dominic and Constantine got their money to pay off the journalists . It would also explain why a bank vault was used in promotions such as the large standing in theaters and at the Muppets premiere in LA . Possibly couldve been a `` piggy bank '' joke . again I didnt want to post it because I cant confirm but I saw something real quick once . Maybe with time it will come out to be confirmed .
muppet	This list does not include one-time outfits that might have been the `` standard '' outfit for a character in a given production .
muppet	Moving forward , we should use Special for discussing the things we used to use Talk pages for . Every article on the wiki is supposed to have a button at the bottom of the page where you can easily start a discussion linked back to that page , but theyre only rendering some of the time lately . I assume this is a bug , but I dont know if anyones reported it yet . In the meantime , threads can still be started in the forum on one of the three boards . I feel its important to keep this down to three for a few reasons
poke	After coming across his gym , Ash decided to battle A.J. , who has never lost a battle , despite the gym not being official .
poke	Torchic and Corphish continue battling , so Ash , Brock and May call most of their Pokémon back to their Poké Balls .
poke	When James sees Weepinbell , he wants to take them , but the rest of Team Rocket about to fly off .
muppet	Frank Reidy , saxophone and clarinet player , supplied the sax wailings for Zoot . As Dave Goelz recalled , `` The only sax player I knew was Frank Reidy , of the Jack Parnell Orchestra , the musicians for the Muppet Show , and he wasnt anything like Zoot . ''
muppet	Why is this called `` Ha-Ha-Ha Happy Christmas ! '' ? The CD clearly says `` Happy Sesame Street Christmas '' on it . Where does Ha-Ha-Ha come from ? --
muppet	Under your previous accounts , Jermboy , every edit that you make about Lyrick Studios and Hi-Tops Video producing Sesame Street on video ends up getting reverted for being untrue or mixed-up . Im afraid that an administrator is going to have to block you from editing the site ; youve been contributing for nearly seven months , and it seems like its not working out . -- Max
poke	May introduces her family to Ash - the father Norman ( who is the actual Gym Leader ) , her mother Caroline and her younger brother , Max .
poke	After arriving to the island , May trains her Bulbasaur , while Ash has Pikachu use Thunderbolt on a log .
muppet	Anyway , thats just stuff that Im thinking about as we continue to refine how to use those tags ... --
muppet	Grijspeirt stopped performing Pino after the first season the first Pino puppet was very plump and heavy , and it was too difficult for the performer to make Pino move graciously and deliver his lines at the same time . In the second season , Theo Joling took over Pino . The new puppet lost a little weight , but it was still quite plump .
poke	While heading to Mossdeep City , Ash and co. notice a life preserver belonging to the Spoink .
starwars	It was also referenced in `` The Essential Atlas '' , a reference book written by Wallace and Fry , and released on August 18 , 2009 .
starwars	Though Worror died from his prior injuries , his bubble caused Bane to suffer the full strength of his own lightning attack , leaving the Dark Lord a smoking husk on the brink of death himself .
poke	However , Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt , which collides with the mechanical Raikou 's electricity .
muppet	Hi ! I just saw the picture that you added of Gunge in Dinosaurs -- thats a really cool find ! Thanks for adding that to the wiki . ) --
starwars	Soras Varn , author of `` '' , was a member of the Institute .
muppet	Dont worry , youll get the hang of this soon ! Let me know if I can help you with anything . --
poke	Meowth claims the boss will be amused when he sees the dance show of Illumise and Volbeat .
poke	Per Annie and her husband 's favor , the heroes promise to keep this as a secret .
poke	The heroes face Team Rocket , as May 's Silcoon uses String Shot and Ash gets down to the building , telling Keanu should help out to get Nincada back .
muppet	`` Cookie Shark '' is a Sesame Street music video spoofing the viral `` Wikipedia Baby Shark '' song , first published on YouTube in July 2018 .
starwars	Following the Separatist Crisis and the outbreak of the Clone Wars , the Galactic Senate passed a law banning any contact or negotiations between Galactic Republic senators and members of the Confederacy of Independent Systems .
muppet	But Im having trouble placing who performs the cow and farmer at the beginning and end of the episode , going by voice alone . The closest guess I have is that they may be Rick Lyon and Jim Martin , but Im definitely not certain . Does the script say anything about who performed them ?
poke	Team Rocket spies on them , so Meowth decides to steal Huntail and Gorebyss for boss , to give it for his `` wild side '' for extreme surfing .
starwars	Rowling has also taught Star Wars lightsaber courses at the Sydney NIDA ( National Institute of Dramatic Art ) .
starwars	Thrawn later employed them against his enemy Luke Skywalker in the subsequent installments of .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 2105 , September 10 , 2011
starwars	It was performed by the London Symphony Orchestra in 1977 .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0008 , May 28 , 2011
muppet	Whoopi Goldberg is an Academy Academy award-winning actress and comedian who is known for many roles in television and film , including The Color Purple , Ghost , Sister Act , Star Star Trek The Next Generation , the voice of Shenzi in The Lion King , and one of the co-hosts of The View . She has appeared with the Muppets in many different contexts , including Sesame Street , Muppets Tonight , Muppet Babies , Bear in the Big Blue House , Its a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie , A Muppets Christmas Letters to Letters to Santa and The Muppets The Muppets .
starwars	As part of the Hawk-bat ruse , the `` Sungrass '' primary role was to act as a transport for the unit 's TIEs , which were otherwise incapable of hyperspace travel .
poke	franchise and KidsCo acquire 4Kids ' other anime assets including `` DBZ '' , `` Sonic X '' , and `` Cubix `` and The CW Network 's Toonzai Saturday morning programming block .
starwars	Zay and Shriv were later part of the mission to Bracca .
starwars	Under the command of the superior officer Gobee , Kurt saw action during the final battle of Onderon 's centuries-long civil conflict , between his Beast Rider kin and the city-dwellers of Iziz , Onderon 's only civilized metropolis .
starwars	She lived on the planet Akiva during the Galactic Civil War .
muppet	Im glad youre back on the wiki ; Ive missed seeing your great contributions . The Sesame episode pages are looking really sweet . --
muppet	I hope this description helped you guys picture the new feature -- please ask questions and let me know what else I can tell you . Im so excited about this project , and I cant wait to share it with you guys . --
muppet	Childrens Learning from Educational Television Sesame Street and Beyond is a study and analysis of the effects of childrens educational television in general and the impacts on learning , attitudes , and actions . Chapter 2 , `` Sesame Street and School Readiness , '' is a twenty page examination of Sesame Street , and in particular its research model as presented in Children and Television Lessons from Sesame Street . Other chapters focus on other Sesame Childrens Television Workshop , PBS , and Nickelodeon series .
muppet	I think Im going to attack the book and tape sets again soon . There seems to be a lot of new stuff on eBay that Ive never seen before !
poke	After the lights go out , three Team Magma members , including Tabitha , break into the building and steal the black stone .
poke	Mudkip tries to use Water Gun to cut the threads , but Swampert attacks them with Mud Shot .
poke	May wonders if Professor Birch is studying how to play with Pokémon , but Brock replies this is just a way to communicate with Pokémon , by being on their level .
muppet	Televisions Greatest Hits 70s
starwars	There , they encountered a pinnacle which Rowan believed contained the crystal at the top .
poke	The heroes realize the man is going to meet with others on the sea , using a boat .
starwars	Seitaron further sympathised with the crew of the `` Herald '' and was quick to order the Star Destroyer 's retreat in order to save all of them .
starwars	Max and Ziggy reach the other side and obtain their third piece .
starwars	However , Jinn 's voice stopped him , telling Skywalker that he needed to use the Force for good .
poke	Nurse Joy reports an underground cable was cut and switches to a backup generator .
poke	The company also stated that even if the termination is found to be valid , the company is prepared to do whatever it takes to stay in business .
starwars	Minister Tua is furuous while the Spectres take advantage of the chaos to flee .
starwars	Bane had begun to wonder if the orbalisks could be holding him back , and he wanted her to research possible ways of removing them .
starwars	Fia , a recent graduate of Corellia University 's School of Starship Engineering , was a natural and talented hypernautics engineer in her own right .
muppet	During season 33 , in addition to alternating with Hero Guy , it would also alternate with other monster sketches , with Big Bird introducing them as `` Monster Time '' , whether it was Monster Clubhouse or something else . I was wondering if maybe we should make Monster Time a redirect here , or just leave a note about it n this page and the season33 page . We probably dont need a seperate Monster Time page . -- User Minor muppetz 1742 , November 14 , 2009
poke	Timmy tries to explain , but Timmy 's mother notices the bandage on his right arm , but Timmy goes to his room .
poke	The boy catches the frisbee and claims May wo n't earn the appeals with `` a cheezy act like that '' .
muppet	If the same publicity shot of Kermit or Piggy is on ten pages , Id be more inclined to agree with you . I know you like to replace guest star pics , David , and some have been great . But then on some , like Gladys Knight , without the caption nobody would even know its from The Muppet Show .
muppet	Anyone care to discuss this ? Josh MsSwanFan 0622 , 19 April 2008
muppet	In the 1970s , Tiger was one of several King Features characters to appear in animated inserts on Sesame Street . Tiger explained the word , and concept , of school .
starwars	Amidala and C-3PO escaped onto separate rail jet cars , but a B2-HA series super battle droid fired a rocket at the junction Amidala 's car was approaching , and Skywalker used the Force to pull Amidala onto his car .
starwars	Shortly later , Darklighter 's starfighter is hit , leaving Skywalker 's fighter as the only rebel ship in the trench .
muppet	The store has been depicted in several Sesame Street playsets , including the Fisher-Price Little People set . `` Hoopers Store '' also appears as a property on the Monopoly Sesame Street Edition game board , in place of Park Place .
muppet	Although Janice was not a regular character on Muppet Babies , she did make an appearance in one episode during the shows last season , in `` Episode 706 Whose Tale Is It , Whose Tale Is It , Anyway ? ''
poke	Brock points out only a handful of people become judges , hence why people like Jimmy work hard to become one .
starwars	Miharr appears in BioWare 's 2011 video game `` '' as the Bounty Supply reputation vendor .
muppet	Looking back at some history , it was added to the Season 22 Season 22 page by a user who was eventually blocked , was on the talk page for some time , then it was recently created by another user who really had no real info other than what had already existed . Also , Im almost certain the video on YouTube is not a Season 24 Season 24 repeat from two years earlier , since obviously the original opening is used , so its at least from Season 23 Season 23 . Louise Gold was actually performing on SS as early as Season 23
muppet	Said Jason Segel `` We also did have a great trick where at the end I wrote that Kermit is like , And I ’ m so happy that you guys liked our telethon . As a matter of fact , we ’ re going to relaunch The Muppet Show starting this fall on ABC . ABC was like , What are you talking about ? Take it easy , kid . ''
poke	Jessie then has Seviper use Poison Tail as James has Cacnea use Pin Missile against Ash , Norman , and their Pokémon , as Cacnea 's Pin Missile damages something , blowing it up .
muppet	Hey , I just did a little work on Jerry Juhl
poke	Team Rocket hears this , so Meowth has the robotic arms take the professor and throw him away .
starwars	Many Rebels adopted this weapon as a useful multipurpose tool and melee weapon .
muppet	In Episode 210 George Episode 210 of The Muppet Show Gonzo explains his mother died before he was born and left a note to his father regarding Gonzos name . This is contradicted in Episode 108 Jason the Jason Alexander episode of Muppets Tonight where Gonzo claims his mother liked his unique college interpretation of Death of a Salesman . However the whole notion of Gonzo remembering his parents is somewhat dispelled in the film Muppets From Space .
poke	While Ash tries to search for some rope , the sun rises , and the tree shapes itself anew .
poke	Ash sends Swellow and May her Beautifly to search for Spoink and the pearl , while the heroes also split up to search .
muppet	`` Big Bass Thumper Bumper '' is a The Wubbulous World of Dr. Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss song sung by Sarah Hall-Small and the Seussville Band about her finding the best sound on a Big Bass Thumper Bumper and how she can play it high , low , fast and slow . She also sings about some of the other different instruments played by the band members . Theres a Whosaphone , Treble Trombone and a Purple Cone . As the song ends she bounces around on the Thumper Bumper as she finishes the song . It was featured in the episode `` Episode 204 The Sounds All The Sounds All Around . ''
poke	The next day , Jimmy decides to go back to Lilycove City , so May wishes him luck .
starwars	On Coruscant he became affiliated with two accomplices , Oejoe Hitewa and Ruceba Ahid , who he took up residence with in a small apartment near the Uscru Entertainment District .
poke	Corphish ’ s bad attitude is showing no signs of improving so Ash plans to humble it a bit by putting a good scare into it deep inside an abandoned mine .
poke	May remembers Mr. Big 's words and gains determination , ordering Beautifly to use Silver Wind .
muppet	Okay ... all-new update . I got sent * another * password change at another e-mail address , at the same time I got the first one . Weird . Anyway , I was able to use the second e-mail to actually change my password so I can log in here . Hopefully there are no more problems . -- TomH 0104 , 16 January 2008
poke	Team Rocket are on an island , to where they blasted off after they last encountered the twerps .
starwars	Most of the Imperial garrison boarded the Dome , which turned out to be a mobile Imperial Planetary Occupation Facility .
starwars	The droids ended up on the Alliance Intelligence flagship `` Shadow Raptor '' , where they led a revolt .
starwars	As with all Keshiri who lived on the continent of Keshtah Minor , Tellpah was raised to revere and worship the Sith Tribe as the descendants of the Protectors , ancient gods in Keshiri religion .
starwars	Likewise , she saw Farr as a harmless bug and considered Deechi an ally , giving her no reason to kill either of them .
starwars	The war began in 3681 BBY and gradually swept across the galaxy , engulfing world after world as the revitalized Sith Empire advanced towards the Core Worlds of the Galactic Republic .
poke	Torkoal uses Flamethrower , but Ludicolo dodges , so Ash tries to remain concentrated .
muppet	Hi . I moved your user page back to its original name , because redirecting it to a character page
poke	Team Rocket states they ate some apples from the Breloom , but Jessie thinks it is justified , since they were all starving .
starwars	When the Human youngling Cindel Towani visited Endor , the native Ewok Wicket Warrick allowed her to play with one who was quite clearly scared of the child .
muppet	I recently put a page together for the Central Wikia site listing the ten biggest wikis on Wikia , in terms of page count . w Check it out ... --
starwars	However , in `` Screenplays '' , Dyer was identified as `` Imperial officer , '' while Renz was named `` Commander . ''
poke	Ash wins the battle , while his challenger tells him Beedrill will be fine and shakes hands with Ash .
starwars	After the Rebel Alliance emissary Leia Organa crashed on the planet , a squad of Camp Sagol 's stormtroopers attacked a small Krantian village , although they were cut down by Organa 's escorts and the exiled Jedi Echuu Shen-Jon .
starwars	Empress Fel replied that a Sith was only motivated by one thing—hatred .
muppet	Mumford also co-wrote the 1979 mini-series Roots The Next Generation and wrote episodes for ALF , The Cosby Show , and M * A * S * H .
starwars	Meanwhile , the escapee begins sabotaging the Nikto ships .
muppet	Additionally , at each stop on the tour , material was shot for Big Birds Road a series of segments that appeared during Season 50 Season 50 , all about what `` local kids love about their communities . ''
starwars	Vao assisted Imperial Knights Antares Draco and Ganner Krieg in recovering the Princess from Korriban , but Draco was captured in the process .
starwars	Lyris
muppet	The Japanese Cake made its only appearance in the The Swedish Swedish Chef The Swedish sketch on Episode 120 Valerie episode 120 of The Muppet Show .
starwars	Allania Jakien 's father
poke	Jessie and James take the rods , making Meowth angry they simply took them away from him .
starwars	Dilnlexan cigar
poke	Roselia fires , but Medicham has raised icy spikes , redirecting the attack back to Roselia .
starwars	Qel-Droma confessed to her his plan of wanting to infiltrate and destroy her Krath cult , to which she intimated that she was already aware .
poke	While the heroes are tiptoeing , Meowth unlocks the window , but he , James and Jessie fall down .
muppet	Hi ! Hows this for a start ? Can you help us translate titles ? Thanks ! --
starwars	The story begins immediately before the bounty hunter scene in with Zuckuss meditating .
poke	Jessie and Meowth fight over the berry and the moment they bite it , they are startled by its spiciness .
poke	Brock reads they have to get to Slateport City first , then to Mauville , where the next Gym lies .
starwars	Zaboshka was a male Toydarian engineer who was known around Kashyyyk 's Royal City as an informant of information to whoever paid enough credits .
starwars	When the proximity mines detected a target they would fly after them , talking to the target , trying to convince him or her that they were harmless and posed no real threat .
starwars	Although Dessel protested , stating that Republic flatbed gunships that were at the outpost would mow the Gloom Walkers down if they tried to take the outpost out during the day , Ulabore refused to listen to reason .
starwars	Viceroy 's collar
poke	Caroline states she is leaving , so Norman states Kenny will handle the kitchen from now on .
poke	Nicholai orders Zangoose to use Swords Dance , but Zangoose does not obey the order and goes in other direction , sensing something .
muppet	One entire wall in the front lobby of the building was covered in a mural painted in oil on canvas by Coulter Watt . It depicts a large number of Muppet characters created up to 1984 sitting in the house of The Muppet Theatre . A row of authentic theatre seats from the Helen Hayes Tappan Zee Playhouse in Nyack , New York , lined the front of the mural . After the townhouse was sold , the painting was moved to Henson offices in Los Angeles .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Toughpigs Talk ) 0922 , July 18 , 2009
muppet	Balconism — STARING wheel When someone driving a car in a movie ends up staring at the passenger instead of watching the road .
starwars	The Knights of Ren flew an `` Oubliette '' -class transport , a prison transport manufactured by Osseriton Assemblages .
starwars	Shortly after the Battle of Starkiller Base , her great granddaughter visited Ali'ane with Captain Phasma , TN-3465 , and Dar'en to speak about a necklace .
muppet	Puppyduck sings a silly song about what shes got in her garden -- its full of teapots , pajamas and rowing boats `` Theres toothpaste , and fast cars , saucepans and jam jars ! '' Moosey Mouse is spending time with the bird in the tree , and the two of them laugh at Puppyducks song .
poke	Brock suspects this is a Fighting-type Gym and remembers Chuck , who was also a tough battler .
starwars	Jarrus then defeated the Grand Inquisitor in a duel aboard the Star Destroyer 's reactor core .
starwars	This served to show Shimrra just how quickly the Message of the Shamed Ones was growing .
muppet	Sandbox could work for research purposes but right now Im agreed with Scott , wed need background details or something to really work as an article .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but with the smoke around , he accidentally attacks Max , who comments he got to see Pikachu 's Thunderbolt in action .
starwars	`` Jedi Master Tholme has been captured by the dreaded Morgukai assassins , and the ship carrying his would-be rescuers -- Jedi Quinlan Vos and Aayla Secura -- has been shot down in the lifeless deserts of the planet Kintan .
starwars	He found a drunken Mere , who told him of the Invisible Island , undetectable to any scanner , where Sol Sixxa launched his raids .
starwars	Zayne 's ability in the Force showed a marked improvement after he cleared his name and entered his partnership with Gryph .
poke	Pikachu talks with Lotad and soon the former sails on top of the latter 's head to warn the others .
muppet	Hey kiddo . I chimed in , finally , on the discussion over at Creature Shop Movie actors . Also , what are your thoughts on celebrity references being only those celebrities directly referenced , and not those whose roles in a film where spoofed by the Muppets . In other words , Morgan Freeman or Julia Roberts arent celebrity references just because Kermit was shown in Freemans role in Driving Miss Daisy or Miss Piggy in Roberts role in Pretty Woman . The films are the reference , not the actors in the roles . On the flip side , someone like Burt Reynolds is a celebrity reference , as his name was the pun in an Elmos World episode . I think it makes sense , but wanted to make sure I wasnt using `` blonde logic . '' --
starwars	Hall of Predation
muppet	Right now , I really think we should take the quote off of Themes . Maybe wait a few days in case Scott hears back from anyone with the Daily News , but if not , Id also say either take it out of quotes , turn into a rumor page , or move it to a section of its own on the quotes page where we can note that its not really clear what source the Daily News and Hinckley found this quote , if any .
muppet	Dean , would you mind discussing with the rest of us your changes to pages for characters like Crasher , Goslings , and the Faffner Hall crowd ? The Muppets vs Creatures , by perceived general census , currently classifies them as Muppets . Wed appreciate it if youd discuss your opinions on the talk page for that article , and we can decide if we need another vote to settle the issue . Thanks ! -- Andrew , Aleal 0319 , 2 February 2006
starwars	Hast was a Human male who served with both the Galactic Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic .
muppet	Justa a heads up . Weve talked about finding better ways to make categories accessible to newcomers . One thing which has helped is grouping related categories into a broader , easier to remember heading , like Characters , Merchandise , and International . Anyway , prompted partially by a discussion with Julian
muppet	Labyrinth The Ultimate Visual History is the definitive thirtieth-anniversary exploration of the beloved Jim Henson classic , featuring rare artwork , interviews , and on-set photos .
muppet	Scott , I left Sal in Muppet Treasure Island as thats where he made his debut , as a generic monkey . Or should it not be listed as he wasnt truly Sal yet ? -- Andrew , Aleal 0155 , 5 February 2006
muppet	Hi , Andrew ! I dont think Ive really talked to you since Ive been here . I just wanted to say that I love the Loretta Long article . I notice that you mentioned adding some stuff about her recordings . Since Im usually up to my neck in SS records every night , what kinds of things were you thinking of adding ? I could go through and pull some of her most famous songs , and see what I can come up with . Let me know what you think . Thanks ! --
muppet	Hey , babe . I added Episode 0008 today , and I made a Sesame Episodes List page to help us keep track of which episodes weve reformatted . 9 Unpaved episodes done , 58 more to go ... ) --
muppet	Kent You bet ! Then I got disenchanted with business and I decided I wanted to find myself -- so I went to Tibet for ten minutes .
muppet	Please leave a message on User my talk page if I can help with anything ! -- Oscarfan Talk ) 0250 , May 29 , 2011
poke	She sends Corsola to Joy via the teleporter and is promised Nurse Joy will take care of it .
starwars	In the first challenge of the Box , Derrown , as well as the other bounty hunters , survived the poisonous gas , Dioxis , thanks to the disguised Obi-Wan 's quick plan to escape .
muppet	Good point , it is 2016 , 40 years after 1976 . It feels like it turned 35 just yesterday ... time flies by fast .
muppet	Oh , Ive seen it is done . Thank 84.57.93.39 2327 , 10 October 2006
starwars	Saile Minnau was a fair-skinned human male with brown and gray hair who served as a guard in the Resistance during their war against the First Order .
poke	The heroes arrive to the scene , where they remove the collars , while James sends Cacnea and Jessie her Seviper .
muppet	The curriculum for Season 34 is going global to `` emphasize similarities among all of us while celebrating our cultural differences . '' In an interview with Rosemarie Truglio , she said about this seasons curriculum , `` In the States , were comprised of so many ethnicities and cultures . We want to show children the importance of developing friendships with those who dont look like you . ''
poke	Due to its spikes , Cacnea pops the balloon , so Corphish cuts the net and frees Mawile , while Team Rocket blasts off .
starwars	Master Tiin received the `` Sharp Spiral '' as a gift from a group of Duros diplomats after he rescued their convoy from pirates .
starwars	`` Predator '' also had several stasis freezers in its cargo hold , which Douro used to keep his captured sentients for feeding .
muppet	Hi , welcome to Muppet Wiki ! Thanks for your edit to the Muppet Show page .
starwars	Ruin 's transformation was total , and such was the disconnect between his original persona and his new mantle , that Ruin 's former Jedi peers never realized that their new foe was once their cherished friend , Phanius .
muppet	Can you take a look at this ? The inside looks normal to me , but the images arent going where theyre supposed to go . Thanks ! --
poke	Nicky runs away to find Absol and Gordon , feeling something just happened to Gordon .
poke	( Hey You ) Free Up Your Mind is one of the four English ending themes of `` '' .
muppet	Little Birds birthday is marked in Street Sesame Street Calendars as December 17th .
starwars	Another fighter picked up Celchu , who had ejected , and the four fighters headed into Cartann City , navigating through its streets .
poke	As the Pokémon reaches towards the food , Pikachu uses Quick Attack to attack it ; the burglar was a Corphish .
muppet	Heres another sketch I cant place `` Ernie the doctor '' . Does anyone recognize this ? --
poke	Miranda continues on , pointing out Togepi , which are born here , grow up before meeting up with the people outside the paradise , then return once their mission is completed .
poke	The new century found 4Kids Entertainment Inc. , switching from the NASDAQ market and joining the New York Stock Exchange on September 20 , 2000 .
poke	Skitty tries to wake it up , despite making May angry ( which got all of them chased by Slugma ) and continues to annoy .
poke	Ash is excited to go to Lavaridge Town for the Gym battle , but his friends are exhausted .
starwars	Led by Captain Dhas Fenoep Vedij , the ship proceeds to the Mid Rim 's StarForge Nebula , the location of the space station known as StarForge Station .
poke	Ash tries to find another strategy , and looking at the clouds , he sees he only has to trust his Pokémon 's strength .
muppet	Hi Wendy ! I know youre away right now , so I want to make sure that you see the Current events discussion that weve just been having about the Toys and Collectibles categories . Those have been confusing for a little while , and were working on coming up with something that makes it make more sense .
starwars	The Department continued to keep track of possible threats to the security of the New Republic , and one of Zgorth'sth 's reports was circulated among high-ranking generals , admirals , and senators .
muppet	Miss Piggy Moi has many beauty tips . Are you a publisher and are you offering a large advance ? Moi will give you this tip , a milk bath is wonderful especially with cookies . Try it sometime .
starwars	These creatures often had their aggressive tendencies greatly enhanced by brain modification and conditioning , and their bodies were often genetically modified to allow for overwhelming physical capabilities or specialized combat abilities .
starwars	Kazianna Alvamma appears in the video game `` '' as a Champion boss on the planet Hoth .
muppet	Its Ernest
starwars	In the featurette , concept artist Kilian Plunkett compares Tuuk to Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray ; in fact , Tuuk 's original character model was that of Gunray 's , but with a different hat , shoulder pads , and data goggles .
poke	Ash challenges Guy to a battle , thinking exercise might be the end of Loudred 's problems , since Loudred could feel more relaxed after the battle .
starwars	Crocin had short bodies and teeth that protruded from the tops of their mouth .
muppet	I dont think that the George of the Jungle bit is notable here . Its not a Henson or Muppet film . Now , perhaps I am being too careful by creating a topic . I * would * just delete the note , but quite frankly , I dont want to be accused of deleting content without Gonzofan 0832 , June 25 , 2012
muppet	Wilkins is seen sitting on a can of Wilkins Coffee next to a cannon pointed at Wontkins
starwars	During his early years Chewbacca lived on Kashyyyk , but unlike many other Wookiees who rarely left the planet 's lush forests , Chewbacca was consumed by an overpowering sense of adventure and exploration .
starwars	As the game was released prior to `` Attack of the Clones '' , it uses the former name , Kyber Dart .
muppet	The story tells of a royal monarch , King Richard the Chicken-Hearted , who ate nothing but chicken for all three meals each day , because he knew of no other food . Finally , one day , he found himself getting fed up with it . He wanted something else besides all the numerous chicken concoctions , such as Wikipedia à la Chicken à la King , chicken salad and chicken pudding . So he arranged for a contest with all of his servants to see who could provide him with the best new food , the prize being his kingdom . So , the competition was thrown , and the king tasted each of his servants dishes - broccoli , milk , bread , and apples - and liked them all !
muppet	Hey , Scott ! Thanks for making Muppet Bloopers . Im intrigued by the clip on the ATV special where Kermits in the 1st season logo , and mentions `` The Best of the Muppets '' . It doesnt look like it was something that was redubbed . Was that something that wasnt broadcast in the US ? --
muppet	One of the monkeys appeared in Elmos World an episode of Elmos World . They recently appeared with Sal Minella in the Muppet viral Virmup video for Bohemian Rhapsody , and were sighted in The Muppets The Muppets and Muppets Most Wanted .
starwars	The group visited the Two-headed Gonster and were able to get him to create a new magic cap for them .
muppet	Gah , sorry -- I missed this discussion . We can use any color ... Ive been using http//www.pitt.edu/~nisg/cis/web/cgi/rgb.html this Color Codes page to choose colors . Scott made it a lighter green , but I think that the lighter colors makes the white text look kinda washed out . But Im open to anything . I was just bored with the basic Sapphire blue . What do folks think ? Are there other colors we could try ? --
muppet	I feel like Ive seen this character somewhere else before . Fraggle Rock , maybe ?
muppet	Hey , G ! Mouth and general health are such that Im finally tackling epsode 3122 . Im working on the page now , in fact , but several sketch images are redlinked
starwars	`` Luke Skywalker and Wedge Antilles intentionally allow themselves to be captured by the Empire to discover how Colonel Bircher is tracking the Rebels ' movements .
poke	Everyone is touched by the moment , but Team Rocket grabs the Shuppet in a net , jumps out oft he window and goes away into the balloon .
starwars	In practice , that meant all non-Humans were guilty until proven innocent on the Wheel , and many aliens accused of crimes on the station were pushed into fighting in the Big Game .
muppet	Newby appeared onscreen in The Jim Henson Hour episode `` Episode 110 Secrets of the Secrets of the Muppets . ''
starwars	She is also called a Jedi Knight throughout `` The Approaching Storm '' , a designation which , while technically correct , ignores her distinction of Jedi Master , which she had earned sometime before `` Cloak of Deception '' .
muppet	At one point in 1970 , Kermit was going to be dropped from the show due to criticism that the character was too commercial . Look magazine reported that `` when the new season starts November 9 , expect changes . There will be no more know-it-all frog , since Kermit , the one Muppet who is not exclusive to Sesame Street , is opting out to do commercials . ''
poke	Brock thinks that Nurse Joy was a `` fake '' one , she was acting very weird and did not have a romantic tone , unlike the other Nurse Joy there exist .
starwars	In spite of a slight ammonia content , these seas supported a variety of unusual species .
poke	Archie looks at Team Magma 's destroyed ship , so he uses the Orb to have Kyogre destroys it completely .
poke	The heroes were walking , this time May and Ash arguing whose fault it was for losing the last battle .
starwars	Luke sold his speeder to pay for the two thousand up front .
starwars	Count Dooku had a one-of-a-kind solar sail procured from the Gree Enclave fitted to his `` Punworcca 116 '' -class interstellar sloop , which he used as his personal transport prior to and during the Clone Wars .
starwars	Gorax Highlands
poke	Team Rocket ask to battle the trainers ( the twerps ) , so Sheridan promises he will assist them , after he gets paid .
poke	May has little choice but to get there , while Carlos apologizes for the trouble .
muppet	Hey Enrique , I just wanted to stop by and let you know that I think youre doing a great job on tumblr ! And if youd like to use the current logo at the top of the page , I can send you a bigger , more crisp version . ) —
starwars	`` No-Nines '' was the nickname of a Galactic Republic clone trooper living during the Clone Wars .
starwars	After the events of Stadium Five , Didi Oddo retreated to his home in the Cascardi Mountains .
poke	Beautifly starts with Tackle , though Roselia uses Petal Dance , negating Beautifly 's attack and hitting it .
starwars	Drop-sled
muppet	It was featured in the broadcast version of Sesame Street Jam A Musical Celebration .
starwars	During a peace conference that Troper was attending aboard the Ithorian Herdship `` Galactic Horizon '' , the Krevs and their Wookiee associates released various dangerous creatures aboard the vessel , driving Troper and his entourage deep into the heart of the herdship biosphere , while under constant attack .
muppet	Im not quite sure I understand that . These two characters were around during the first season . Its slightly understandable in Grovers case . He didnt have a name during the first season , and his color and voice were considerably different . In fact , I must admit I have trouble referring to the first season version as `` Grover '' . But as for Guy Smiley , he had already been introduced . I know his original name was Sonny Friendly , but he became Guy Smiley before Season two
starwars	While Blue Squadron engaged its defenses , Farlander 's Y-wing disabled the corvette `` Godar '' as it headed for a rendezvous with the `` Immortal '' , allowing the designers to be captured by a Rebel shuttle .
muppet	Do you want to edit in other wikis such as Sonic and Ghostytreat 1937 , August 10 , 2011
muppet	When you get a chance , see Talk
starwars	Han Solo ( Rebel General )
starwars	This shock collar was activated by Imperial Sergeant Kreel , who was undercover as the arena 's gamemaster , when Kongo fought Luke Skywalker .
poke	Sableye appears as well , so Brock and Ash wonder why Meowth and Sableye are together .
starwars	In addition , the Grehollo station , a military base of the Galactic Empire , was located in the system .
poke	Bart is amazed Millie has been successful in such short time , thinking she will be a successful scientist .
starwars	Mako found that a disreputable Corellian fugitive named Vexx was in town .
starwars	Though the Hutts were wise to this , they turned a blind eye as long as the bribes kept coming .
poke	Pikachu uses Thunderbolt , but Taillow , despite the direct hit , is still able to fight .
muppet	The following is a list of known sources and Muppet Wiki Known Earliest Known Appearances for when Sesame Street characters made their debut on the show .
poke	Ash , Max and Marius are enjoying their icy desserts , when it occurs to Max the museum is closed and the snow cones salesmen ought to know that .
poke	The Squad agrees with Thatcher and will make a new start ; Brock goes with flirting routine , but Max pulls his ear away .
starwars	He attempted to shoot Skywalker , but was blasted instead by Solo .
muppet	Grandma Flutter dotes on her grandson , and he loves her just as much . Grandma Flutter is known for liking things to be clean , but shes also been a cha-cha-cha champion , and has her own song , `` The Grandma Mambo . '' She is a trained dance instructor with the Ha-Cha-Cha Dancing Academy and teaches everyone in the Big Blue House to dance to it in `` Episode 206 You Learn Something New Every You Learn Something New Every Day . '' She raised Tutter for an unspecified period of time before he moved into the Big Blue House . Viewers learn even more about some of Grandma Flutters many and varied life experiences in `` Episode 416 Grandma Flutters 100th Grandma Flutters 100th Birthday . ''
poke	Later , Ash lets Taillow out , who is exhausted , so Brock uses a potion to heal it .
starwars	Upon Vader 's landing , the Council and its aides gathered in the facility 's main command center to greet Vader only to realize soon after he sealed off all of the exits to the facility that he was not there to protect them .
starwars	To escape the armor 's claustrophobic nature , Vader had several pressurized meditation chambers built where he could remove his mask and suit and still survive .
muppet	In 2017 Clooney appeared in a commercial for Nespresso that repurposed footage from The Muppet Movie , inserting Clooney into the backseat of Fozzies the Studebaker with Kermit the Kermit and Fozzie Fozzie . On appearing with the characters , Clooney said `` The Muppets - I learned a lot of things from the Muppets . Good acting lessons to learn from the Muppets . Theyre always happy . You know , they bop their heads like this . ''
poke	Max tries to touch Surskit , but the taller Max pushes his arm away , claiming he should go somewhere else .
muppet	Sals name has been written this way at least two times once in the Prince episode of Muppets Tonight , and in the credits of Muppets from Space . I vote for a move , unless anyone can specify where the spelling `` Manilla '' comes from
muppet	Nervous and speaking with a stammer , the fittingtly-named Jitter enters The Big Blue House for `` Episode 317 The Tutter Family The Tutter Family Reunion , '' alongside fellow Tutter Holler Tutters Shouter , Whiner , and Jim Jim . A bit later , Jitter expresses fear at the sight of bears , to the disappointment of Ojo .